Episode Title: #2159 - Sal Vulcano
Transcript:
What's up Sal?
What's up, brother?
How you doing, man?
What's cracking?.
Nothing, thanks for having me.
My pleasure.
What are you doing out here, man?
What are you doing in Austin, Texas?
I got...
my special comes out today, actually.
Oh shit.
Special comes out today actually.
Oh shit.
Special comes out.
Terrified.
What's it on?
YouTube?
That's the move.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm very happy when guys do that.
It makes it easily accessible.
It's the best thing for like distributing your stuff.
Yeah.
People share it easy.
It's nice that's a good option now because when everybody turns you down.
It's a great option.
It's a great option.
It's a great option.
I would think about it even if I had other options, because I think it's like the best distribution platform.
As long as they don't fucking censor you, which is a little bit of an issue.
You know, they're all owned by Google and it's just like whenever you deal with these GI and corporations and there's all these fucking woke kids working for them.
It's a lot of sketchy things happen.
But as far as a platform, it's the best.
It's great, right?
Oh, it's so good.
I don't really like, I'm not like edgy like that, so I don't really have any, my edgy stuff is not that edgy.
That's good.
Yeah, that's lucky.
Yeah, because like Ari Schaffer when out.
I was learning for her.
He's exactly a producer.
Oh, he's exactly a producer.
Or that's nice.
I'm really tight.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Someone we were just talking about someone gave him shit for releasing his on YouTube.
I'm like, you're so short-sided.
That's so stupid.
I'm looking at it now.
Yeah.
It's fucking huge.
What does it have like seven million downloads or something like that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
People, which, you know, look, you get an Netflix special, it's great.
Like the Tom Brody roasts great.
I'm happy Netflix is doing cool shit like that.
It's awesome.
But do you watch a throw three hours?
No.
I watch Tony Hinchcliffe set and Andrew Schultz set and that's it.
See Nicky's?
I heard Nicky's was awesome.
That's what it's really nice to see.
Nikki killed it.
Yeah, she killed it.
Yeah, she goes hard.
Yeah, Tony, Tony, she kills [2:06] those roasts.
Yeah, she's really good at roasts.
She's strong.
She's got strong delivery, you know, she's got.
And even like she was shitting on Jeff Ross, I did see that part when she's apologizing too much.
She's hit it.
Which is so Nikki Grazer.
She's so sweet.
That Hingshqil form with the liver king.
You look like the, I'm gonna fuck it up, but the liver king and the tiger king had a baby that looked like Martin Luther King.
He got beat up by the body king.
He got beat by the lion king.
So she's like that, I don't even know.
It was a ride.
It was such a ride.
By the time he finished it, it was just like by the time he, if he was one king shorter, I didn't think it would hit as well.
But that king was the perfect.
It was a monster.
It was five kings, I think.
It was a monster bit.
And then the which is football for the coin price.
That's great.
[3:05] I fucking love a roast.
I'd love a good roast joke.
You know what's so funny?
It's like there's, you know, the Jewish, it's like, you know where you're going with Jeff or you know, or Jewish or whatever, but it's like, you still, it's still like, I still find a new way to be like, you watch as if it's a coin price.
You know what I mean?
It's like, yeah.
You can tell that joke a million ways.
Right, yeah.
But still, I'm still like, oh my god, that's such a good way to tell it.
Yeah.
It's just, I think people have relaxed more with comedy over the last year or so for whatever reason.
It feels like it dipped a little bit that whole I feel like people are tired of it all.
Maybe you have to just throw a coat.
Oh, throw a coat.
We do a lot of shows.
So what it is?
Actually I have.
We got the COVID.
No, my baby got me sick.
That'll do it.
Those little kids get sick a lot.
I was like fighting for a while, and then a few days ago, [4:01] it just took a dive.
Do you take vitamins?
Every single day and I get mocked for it.
You should knock him mocked.
My dad growing up, he used to take, we had one cabinet in the kitchen, one where he opened it and it was basically a mini GNC.
Not like GNC, but it was like just, and every day, my whole life, I'd watch him throw down like 30 pills and just swig it, you know.
And, but me, I just, I feel like I have a weak immune system.
I got a weak constitution.
So, like I try to take like the, I take like the liposome all, it's all like I take a D, a B, a C.
I was taking like a multi and then you start hearing, oh it doesn't absorb and you gotta take this one and that one.
So I take all immunity stuff at a donation to elderberry.
What the fuck else do I think?
What do you think causes your weak immune system you don't thought about?
Yeah, I think about it my whole entire life what do you think it is?
These just genetic thing?
I don't know because no one of my, also my family's like that.
So that's what led me to be coming like a little bit of a germaphobe because you wanna call it germaphobe, but I just know that if I put myself in the way [5:07] of like if someone sneezes, if I put myself in that, sometimes I can get a common cold.
How long does it take you to get rid of the common cold?
Like a day.
Yeah, but you're super, yeah, but you're like you eat elk and...
Yeah, just, I've had a few that last a couple of days, but it's usually one day before I don't feel good.
But I've only had a couple of those recently and I assume they were the new COVID.
Oh, really?
Yeah, I assume.
And you got it right into the day.
Yeah, I assume this last one I got was the new COVID.
This last one I got I didn't even do the IV vitamins.
I was just too busy to sit down and just.
What are they calling?
New code like new code.
There's so many strains dude.
Yeah, I think we we We did a thing where they were trying to we were reading about it online where they were trying to document all the strains and how many were they up to Jamie?
It's a crazy number.
There's a lot of strings.
I thought there was like four strings.
There's no no no no.
There's dozens [6:02] Yeah, they keep coming around new ones come around, new variants come around.
What they're saying is this is just how we're gonna be forever.
That stuff's just out there in the wild now.
Those little gremlins.
So that doesn't bow well for me, but I...
Common call one, two weeks, men.
Really?
Yeah, I've had a cold like five, six weeks, many times.
Wow.
Lingering, not like you know, do you ever do IV vitamins?
I've only done it twice in my life.
It's so funny.
I shot the special in December in Chicago.
And the day of I woke up and I had a cold.
Just because I was just running myself into the ground, right?
So I woke up.
My throat was like, it was hurting me, it was scratchy, my voice was raspy and I had no energy, I'm like, oh, freaking the fuck out, right?
So I get to the theater and I'm telling them, like, I don't know what to do, like I feel so weak, I gotta do something.
So Ari's feeding me these, all day long, he's feeding me these Baroko tablets, they're like these vitamin dissolving tablets that are...
Right, he's into those.
Yeah, they're like a hundred, you know, billion percent, whatever, right?
[7:06] So he's feeding me those and then I get to the place and they get me the IV and the guy gives me a B12 shot.
And then I had just started Vivance.
What's that?
It's for ADHD.
So it's like an antaroll almost.
Oh no.
And I had just started a few days earlier.
So I'm like, not really, it hasn't really like, I'm not really regulated to it yet.
And I just didn't realize that his tablets are he would give me.
I looked back afterwards and they were like cat, they all had caffeine.
And then I got this B12 shot 20 minutes before I, the first show.
And I was on the viven Vivance which was Adderall and it was the highest dose.
I didn't realize that this was all happening to me and like three minutes of where I went out.
I was the most wired.
I ever was in my entire life of 40.
Like I just was I was like literally and then I had the adrenaline just because it was the first taping.
You know what I mean?
Oh my god.
[8:01] I just feel like I'm getting struck out.
I was holding my hand that it was doing this Oh, I'm like, oh, he's crazy.
Give me three of these fucking things today every one of them has 200 milligrams of caffeine Oh my god, I didn't give you three.
I'm like you gave me three You didn't give me you get how do you look me in the face?
I you were both there I was like it I'm tough for here in the second hand and then the beat I think the B12 shot just put it over the top.
Oh my God.
And it was like, it's a combination.
It's time for his band.
I didn't use one second from show one.
Oh my God.
So one second.
The, is it like a Adderall or is it like a Adderall?
It's Adderall.
It's basically Adderall.
Yeah, it's like same exact thing.
And why did you think you needed that?
Why do you think you needed that at all?
I mean, I suffer from ADHD and little OCD for like my whole life.
And it got...
So what does that mean?
Like when you say ADHD, how does it manifest itself in your life?
So many ways.
Mainly the thing that affects my life as I can't focus.
[9:01] I can't focus on something for, especially if I'm like, this up in down days, but I can't focus on something for more than like, if I'm trying to complete something, I won't complete it.
Like what kind of stuff?
Like if I'm writing or if I have just stuff to do, anything at all, paying bills is that, anything that where I have to use my mind.
Like, I'll be, I'll plant my ass down and I'll be trying to like write a send an email whatever my leg is shaking like crazy because I, I don't want to sit there.
I just like, and I just, it's helped because I can multitask like 500 things at once, but it also hurts because I, it's really hard to get something done.
I can't remember anything, so I only, I have like 50 lists in my phone.
They're all labeled and prioritized that helps me But I have to use that although I won't remember anything Right I can't have trouble reading Like I'll read a page and then I will like I have no idea it was on that page I have to read the page again.
So I ended up reading really slow.
Is it with everything you read or is only some stuff?
[10:03] It's anything that you read where that's not a problem?
Books are tough, like long form reading.
Like fiction or nonfiction.
Just like just a lot of pages in between two covers.
The genre doesn't play into the fact.
So not even like a really like there's not one book that just captivated you and you like easily can read it.
Yeah, I mean, like I said, this good and bad days.
So if I'm reading a biography, I don't really read fiction.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, but I like biographies, really.
If something like that, but honestly, it's really tough.
I really don't read as much as, you have any books I've bought.
I have a lot of books, but I just, so many aren't bought.
I have a lot of books, but I just, so many are in open.
I have one day I'm gonna read that.
Do I have this guilt that I had?
I think about that.
I'm, when I, I know I'm not gonna do it.
I'm like, I always to myself to read all these books.
And I just keep picturing myself like on my deathbed.
To be like the books.
I can't.
You know, it's wasted money.
It is.
But it's also, it's nice to have books in your house.
[11:06] It is.
I have this weird theory about books that I haven't read that are cool.
It's like at least they're near me.
Only some getting the energy off of that book, that really good book.
Like whoever wrote it, whatever it is.
Yeah, I can see that.
I know that book's awesome.
Yeah.
I can't even listen to audio.
You think audiobooks would be the solve?
It doesn't matter.
No, I can't listen to someone unless it's really, really good about it.
It's hard to listen to someone drawn on, you know?
It's hard, but a lot of them are really good at it.
There's some really good voice over actor guys.
Yeah.
And including they do fiction, so they do a bunch of different voices.
It's a real art form now.
It's almost like old-timey radio stories or something Yeah, that I love I mean I love it.
My buddy on on a I do a show with He has a bunch of books out published and One of the things we when does this come out?
He's gonna So we do a lot of keep a lot of secrets from each other right and then surprise each on on the show, the show, if you don't know people I know, [12:05] it's just called the impractical joke.
It's me and my buddies of 35 years.
Fucking huge show dude.
It's gigantic.
It's crazy, congratulations.
Thank you so much, thank you man.
I remember when guys were talking about it in the parking lot of the store, when it was just blowing up.
And people were talking about You guys are doing shows and they were just mobbed and everybody's like that show is huge.
Yeah, it was wow.
Not expected or anything.
It was on true TV, you know?
Yeah, which is like a not a network where people really blow up from.
Right?
There's a few though, but it just shows you if something's fun, people find it.
Yeah, well there was nothing like it.
They only did, they had no joke.
They had two different porn shows.
This is what we got on.
They had two different porn shows.
Three, three different towing shows.
And two storage shows.
And then they showed like the stupidest criminals of all time.
And that was it.
So we were the first comedy.
[13:00] So I guess it kind of resonated on the channel because we were like alone in that manner.
I heard a lot of those storage shows are for Gaze.
So much of all the reality stuff is come.
Oh, so a lot of it is.
I mean, I'd say 95%.
There's a lot of finagling going on behind the scenes with the truth just for narratives.
If you pause the credits, like there's always like that fine print in the credits.
Oh yeah.
If you have to say that.
They're allowed to like, they use it to create a theatrical piece that's not necessarily representative of what actually happened.
I mean, brother, they've been looking for bigfoot for nine to use now.
Well, no, it's worth that, right?
How many to eat?
How many to eat?
Go finding bigfoot versions of the show that are like refinding them or research.
Refinding him.
Refinding him again.
So many.
So many fucking dorks in the woods.
Looking for nothing.
Even ghosts.
It's like, I mean, people, I'm more interested in ghosts than I am Bigfoot.
Me too.
Because the thing about Bigfoot is, like, [14:01] I think it was probably a real animal.
And I think there's some ancient stories that are passed down for thousands of years Sure, I think I think that's probably what it was but ghosts are weird because they're in every culture Right and I haven't experienced a ghost, but imagine if I did trying to explain it to someone I'm not sound like a fucking maniac like it's just a crazy person.
Oh, I saw ghost.
Let me try Okay, you see one didn't see one, but here's the thing.
I don't believe in ghosts.
Okay, but then I had this happen to me and now I don't really know what to like to what to feel.
Q the spooky music.
And his spooky music over there, Jamie.
My family believes in ghosts.
They're like they're all for it.
My sister had a thing.
She was she lived at home and she came home one day and she opened the door to her room and every single one of her closet drawers were open.
Every single thing that could be opened in the room was open and it freaked her out a little bit and she asked if anyone did it and it was just my stepma my dad, they said no and she was like felt uncomfortable about that [15:01] and then she closed everything and then whatever, she used to lock it after that.
And then one day, like months later, she had locked it, she gave it, she opened it, they were all open again.
I tell her, I don't even believe, like I don't know what, she's not lying to me, but I don't know what to make of it, but I don't think it's a ghost.
But my grandpa, That That's like the Hulk.
That's not about to get in my socks.
Yeah, that was like, wait for the candles to be lit.
But my grandfather died in the house, but like, oh, yeah.
But this is not, that's not what I was saying.
One night I was home.
There we go.
It was foggy out.
No, it's me.
So I just live alone and I'm just I live alone and I'm just I'm in bed and I'm you know I'm laying in bed at my television is on and I I do lock even when I live alone I lock my bedroom door when I go to sleep I lock my bathroom door when I'm taking a shower I always have [16:00] right so my door is locked and I'm laying there and I'm watching TV and I sleep at a CPAP, right?
So what's good about that is like, I can go all the way under the covers like a cocoon and I still have a form of debris.
So I like wrap myself like a fucking burrito for real.
It's so delightful.
I'm like, the CPAP, yeah.
He breathes in his scuba diving.
This is the whole way you're scuba diving.
You're sleeping.
That's so crazy.
So I love it.
So I wrap myself over my head and everything.
And what I really do, like what's really fun when you're in there is to just poke out a foot or just or a hand.
That's really fun.
And just get like a cool breeze and then wonder about what's under the bed's gonna bite your feet Sure a little bit it depends on the night, right?
But like you know, I was a Sounder dangly I don't like haunts.
I will tell you that I don't believe it goes But like haunted houses and scares we can get into that later.
Wait a minute.
What's the difference?
What are they haunted by well like you know like fake ones even I'm saying.
Oh, I don't even like I don't even like the [17:06] Like fake ones even I'm saying.
I don't even like I don't even like the go through.
Okay.
No, I don't like that shit But it's not that's funny because the guy likes to play jokes on people Yeah, yeah, I mean well, I do I really play jokes.
I don't know if I would I do really it's like Yeah, it's like the four of us.
It's fun.
Yeah, they're thick.
It's crazy shit.
We did but um you know Like about good haunted house?
Like, ah, they jump out of nowhere and scare the fuck out of you.
I'll tell you how much I don't like that.
We went on the show, they know I don't like it.
So they created one time they put me in a cornfield and they made it haunted and I had to navigate it.
And then the next time they upped it and they got an old mansion and they completely built it all out and made it haunted and I just put me in there locked the door and made me alone in the mansion.
And it's, did you want to really see like a collection of shit that will freak you out?
Go to Zach Begins thing in Vegas.
Oh, is that that like thing where they get really weird with you?
He's got this like a zavisceral thing like they put a gun in your throat and stuff like [18:02] that.
No, no, no, no, no.
He's got this crazy mansion in Vegas.
That's like a museum of haunted shit, a museum of like like they have Dr.
Kovorkian, the van where he killed people.
They have the van.
Yeah.
They have a bunch of stuff that Ted Bundy owned and a bunch of stuff that Ed Gain owned.
Yeah, it's a creepy fucking play.
This is the one I had the thing on my...
This is the...
Stupid.
Holy crap.
Oh, holy crap.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh I Yeah, I See now I know I had to threaten that girl because I know look I here's a deal I should have ghost I know she's not even Not crazy I just mean I just don't like be the jump scares.
I don't like it Like in the cornfield they've had a little girl right and I was 20 minutes into this cornfield [19:03] Where's this little label?
Oh, it's lost here?
This girl just stand there waiting for me.
She's in like a dress.
She's a little girl, pigtails and I see her in the distance and I go is that a little girl and then she just raised her hand and pointed at me and I had to follow this path that they laid out and it went past it had to go past the girl.
Right.
I don't know how to explain it, man.
I know that they did this to me, right?
But yeah, I was like, I know you're a little girl, but I will fucking punch you.
I told him.
I think when I went past, I'm like, I know you're a girl.
I was like, look, I know I can beat you up.
Don't jump scare me because I'm liable to punch you.
I'm letting you know right now.
That was the look, But, wait, it's all double back on this one.
Corn is fucking scary to get lost in.
Corn maize?
Yeah.
It's terrible.
It's really weird.
There's a place in California where they have a farm and they have a corn maize.
You can walk around this maze, it's fun.
Because you know you can eventually get out.
Go in and lie.
You get lost in this maze.
[20:02] You get really lost and it's kind of confusing.
And now imagine this is thousands of acres.
Right?
And you're in the center of it with no water.
And you have no eye.
You might be walking around in circles.
You really have no idea.
You may as well be on like the mountains when people die.
Yeah, people die in cornfields, man.
That's a real thing.
I mean, I feel was ever in that situation, I'd just go straight and not stop.
I wonder how many people over in history have died in cornfields.
Just heat exhaustion.
11.
Get law 11.
Yeah, that's what you think.
We had looked it up.
For real?
No.
Let's guess.
Let's say you guess.
I want to guess, but then I, I think 11's a solid number.
I think 11's are a good guess.
Like 11 people over the course of America of dieting corn fields.
No, back in the day.
A lot.
Think about that.
But they didn't have monocrop agriculture back then.
I don't even know what that is.
That's like these giant corn fields.
Where like in this country right now, look this up I think it's true.
I think 5% of the land mass of the United States [21:07] is being used for corn fields.
That's still, that's crazy.
That's crazy.
That's crazy.
That's so crazy.
I think that's correct.
The guy on my show that I was...
By the way, I just read the headline of that.
I'll be real clear.
Yeah.
I didn't even read the whole article.
I just read the headline of that I'll be real clear yeah I didn't even read the whole article I just read that okay well this guy he just might not be good he put a cornfield in his yard is five acres he built the cornfield register as a farm so you get tax breaks yes this sell fifty thousand dollars worth of corn in order to get it so how to do that right now how much corn is fifty thousand dollars worth of corn no clue it's it feels like a lot to me.
Isn't it a lot to me?
Because if you've seen government subsidizes corn, as well.
Well, you know where it all came from?
Came from World War II.
So during the war, people need food.
And they wanted to make sure that in the future, they would have stockpiles of food.
You know, the war just ended, but who knows what's gonna happen now with Russia?
We can be into it again, let's prepare.
[22:05] And they started subsidizing corn production.
Then they just started using corn for all kinds of extra stuff.
That you're not supposed to use it for like oil.
Yeah.
Or corn syrup.
That's those fucking.
I can't find the percentage which I'm trying to get to, but I've got 97 million acres, which is about the same size as California.
What?
Wow.
Oh, there's no shortage of that, then.
There's so much, court.
Okay, so like, what percentage of that is California's got to be more than 5% of the country, right?
No, it's tough because they're not counting Alaska.
Right, Alaska's so big.
The Alaska is way bigger than Texas and Texas is enormous.
I think Alaska is like three Texases.
Really?
I think that percentage of that coin you think we're consuming and what's going to waste.
I don't know if it's a waste thing.
It just goes because you can use it for so many different things.
[23:00] You can use it to make alcohol.
You can use it to make corn syrup.
You can use it to make oil You know, I think they're just it's like a money racket It's like the corner of this market and people were better off when they were using actual sugar and people were better off when they weren't eating corn syrup and fucking everything.
It's just not good for you and then you know What people think is corn or canola oil, that's not canola oil, that's rapeseed oil.
That's an industrial lubricant that they figured out a way to refine down to the point where human beings can eat it not die immediately.
People fucking put it on everything.
This is the first time, like I really, like in the last like 10, whatever, when I was a kid we didn't eat I mean like my parents like I got I love them but like we didn't eat fresh Vegetables we got canned everything.
This is about a third of America's corn crop is used for feeding cattle hogs and poultry in the US Corn provides the carbs in animal feed while soy beans provide the protein takes a couple bushels of American corn to make [24:05] Corn fed steak by some estimates a beef cow can eat a ton of corn if raised in a feedlot.
Biltary cows and beef cows also consume silage, which is fermented corn stalks and other green plants.
So a third of the corn crop is used to make ethanol, which serves as renewable fuel, additive gasoline.
The rest of the corn crop is used for human food, beverages and industrial uses in the US or export to other countries for food or feed use.
Used to make breakfast cereal, tortilla chips, grits, canned beer, soda, cooking oil, biodegradable packing materials.
Have you ever watched that documentary King Corn?
No.
It's great.
It's a good one to watch.
It's a giant industry that's not good for us.
That's like all the things that it does.
Like you can do with other things and you'll be better.
Right, right, right.
This is it's captive.
It'll never change.
Also corn on the cob is fucking delicious.
[25:00] That's the best corn.
That's the best former corn.
It's nothing wrong with corn.
I love corn on the corn.
It's great.
I like Why is it so much cream?
Cream of corn soup is I haven't had that oh I Maybe I have that three-tonk cream corn veer of cream.
Yeah, I got a steak house.
Yeah, that's it.
Corn's great Don't get wrong, but on the cob.
It's like it's the best the sweet corn that sweet corn with butter But Butter.
When you take the butter and the butter, like, takes on the shape of the corn comp, because you just reckless, you run in a hole, stick a butter around that.
You fill the whole, that's how I do it.
Oh yeah.
You hold the corn, you hold the stick and go like this.
Oh yeah.
Oh, fucking sweet corn, fresh off the grill with butter.
Oh, well the best, so delicious.
Three, four of those things.
So delicious.
I don't know why they're better.
And you take that same exact corn and you like kind of put it, just take it off.
It's good, but it's just better on the cob.
It's also you're getting a melted butter in all the minerals and it's in your mouth while you're biting into it.
Oh yeah.
You know what else they use corncubs for and the 1800s?
Pipes!
Well, four toilet paper.
Pop-up.
Pop-up.
Pop-up.
Pop-up.
Pop-up.
Pop-up.
Pop-up.
Pop-up.
Pop-up.
Pop-up.
Pop-up.
Pop-up.
Pop-up.
Pop-up.
Pop-up.
Pop-up.
Pop- abundant.
God, it's soft and easy to handle.
Oh, boorah!
[26:26] Look at the sailors use something they call a toe rag.
By the way, back then they didn't even run in water.
So it's not like they're washing these things off.
You're a sailor with a corn cob.
You're going to use that corn cob over and over again.
You're going to be smearing new shit over the area, over the old shit dried up.
It dangled in the water to clean it off.
Oh, yeah.
A bit of a dangle.
I'm gonna fix it up, lad.
Hi.
You ever think about like how we got, like how people would have sex back there?
Like how would people still fuck back there?
They were disgusting things.
Think about how many years, it's only like the last hundred years that people are disgusted.
Yeah, we were talking about St.
Agnes who went his whole life.
Was it St.
Agnes?
Yeah, I mean, back to it.
[27:06] Anyway, take his whole life without having a bath.
How did his whole life...
He copped to that?
If there was once a year or so long.
No, no, it wasn't even that.
It was like you were supposed to do that.
Oh, yeah, like bathing, it starts to be a problem.
I don't know what happens.
I wonder what happens.
Like what just happens if you never bathed?
Like we just assume that you have to bathed.
Maybe that's the source of a lot of our problems.
We're not like covered in dirt and bacteria all the time.
Like we're supposed to be like a normal animal.
Maybe that war did rafting.
Maybe that war did're acting.
Maybe that warded off like I bet it.
No, didn't did that.
No, you don't think a T-Rex would be like, I don't know how we made it so far.
I really don't.
I really don't.
I don't understand it.
I mean, I know is the invention of weapons and tools and stuff and building houses, but God damn, we're so weak.
Like how much different were we back then?
[28:05] We are so fucking weak.
I just can't imagine us without the houses and the weapons.
Like how did we even make it that far?
And how much of a change was it?
Once we developed the houses and the weapons because we are so bitch-ass, like as an animal.
Even if you're fit and in shape, even if you're a UFC fighter, you're like Islam Akachev.
To compare to the nature world, our animal species is so bitch ass.
Right, right.
We're so bitch ass.
It's insane that we made it this far.
Yeah, it is, I guess just.
Like just the fact that we even survived to the point where we made a bow and arrow.
Like how?
Not everything, not just run up on us and eat us.
I don't know.
And it's like the day, I always think about this too.
The first, there's always the first time, first person.
There was one person who was like, oh shit, hold on a second.
[29:00] I guess.
And now, I guess they probably stepped on things and cut themselves with it and then realize they could pick those things up and cut other things with it and then they figured out how to make those things.
Yeah.
And then we got email.
Then we got email.
Fast forward.
Fast forward you got AI.
Yeah.
Fast forward.
Yeah, I mean, could you fucking imagine being born, you know, in in Africa 500,000 years ago.
If you put me in Africa now, if you put me in the forest right now.
In the Congo, right?
If you put me anywhere right now, I'm done.
I don't know how to make a fire.
I don't really, I don't know how to, I don't know anything, I can't explain anything.
I can't explain to you how mirrors work.
Cause some places like I was reading this thing.
No, it was actually Paul Rosalie.
Paul Rosalie was talking about this.
They're like, if you get caught in the Amazon, do not try to make a fire because you won't be able to and it'll break your spirit.
Like you're not gonna be able If you're lost in the Amazon, forget a fire.
[30:05] It's not going to happen.
You're broken spirit will kill you before the balance.
You will realize how hopeless your plight is when it's impossible for you to make a fire.
So now you're going to realize that everything that you eat is going to be raw.
And you're going to have to catch things and eat them raw to stay alive.
And now you're an animal.
No.
I don't even know.
I'd be on the, I'd be on the, trying to catch a small animal and strangle it.
And the likelihood of them finding you is so small.
If you just go on a walk about, if you're like some wacky dude who goes off his meds and decides to go on a walk about in the Amazon, they're not going to find you.
So many walkabouts just don't turn out well.
A lot of them don't.
Why why keep walking about it?
Well why are walkabouts so romantic to us?
You know like that movie with a kid who what was the movie called?
Were you lived in the bus in Alaska?
Yeah.
Into the wild?
[31:01] Oh yeah yeah.
Into the wild like why is that so romantic to us?
For someone who just goes out into the wild and even if the dude dies out there, that guy did.
Maybe there's some type of like, whether it be just finding yourself or like just being at one with these elements as much as possible feels like something romantic I guess.
Yeah.
It feels like this understanding that we're disconnected from the rest of the world.
It puts perspective for sure.
It does give perspective.
It's also like the more disconnected we are, the more ridiculous we behave.
Like, where do people behave the most ridiculously in big cities?
The most disconnected from nature, the most.
You're living in concrete jungles, Hong Kong, F**k you most you're living in concrete jungles Hong Kong fuck you you live in New York City like you're disconnected from nature period fuck your park parks cute yeah park you it's surrounded by New York City like that is it's so unnatural it's so contained yeah it's actually contained by the city the park is contained yes it's not peaceful it's peaceful enough [32:02] right it's a nice park it's a lovely park but you've been through it all.
You've been through it all?
Yeah, I've been through the park.
I mean, but lovely.
Because it's like I thought I went to it, but then one day I like really went to it.
It's like I went to like every area, which is there's so many things I didn't know.
It's like really big.
There's beautiful thing about New York City that they have that park in the center of it.
It really changes the dynamic of the city.
It does.
I think it makes the city a more livable place, a more friendly place.
Absolutely.
I mean, it's crazy that you have this insane urban environment then inside of this massive park.
It's like another world in there.
It is.
It is.
But the difference between that and the woods, the actual woods, like the Colorado Rockies.
The difference being out there in the, waking up and just looking and all you see in front of you is mountain peak after mountain peak after mountain peak and it just going along.
That is a different feeling.
That's the real feeling and that feeling is, I think that feeling is like [33:02] a thing we're supposed to get.
I think that's supposed to be a part of our requirements of being a human being that we connect with the Earth.
That the Earth sees us, we see it, we're out there in it, and we realize our actual place.
We get all cocky in our fucking Uber, in New York City, getting out, buying a slice, and you think you're all disconnected.
We think we're better than them.
But we just trapped in our own little fucking zoo, the little zoo that we've created.
But when you go out in the world, you feel so vulnerable.
You go out into the woods.
You feel so, so minuscule and but connected.
Connected.
But you're right.
You start to feel where our place is.
We are not as we are, bitch.
S.
Yeah.
Yes.
That's right.
That's a bitch.
That first wave that comes over you is a bitch.
S wave.
Bitch.
Right.
Compared to all the other things, bitch.
I don't think I'm catching anything.
I don't think I'm going to kill any.
I, I, what but you know you ain't getting out of it.
So it's like your survival mode is gonna kick in.
[34:06] How long you last, I don't know.
You probably go into shock.
Right.
Like, bear grabs it, you probably just go into shock.
Well, I had this conversation yesterday actually.
So would you be able to play dead?
It depends on what the bear wants, man.
See, there's two types of bears.
Black bears and brown bears.
Black bears or more like this is two types of bears in North America.
Yeah.
There's the black bears.
They're also brown too.
A lot of black bears are very, even blonde.
They look blonde.
Sometimes they're called color phase bears.
But they're more like black bears are more likely to try to eat you.
Oh, I thought they are more likely.
No, they're more likely to try to bite you and kill you to eat you.
Whereas brown bears for the most part when they're killing people.
Grizzly?
Yes.
Brown bears are the big ones are the ones that are the coastal bears because they have access to all the seafood.
That's why those are like those Kodiak bears.
Enormous.
Enormous.
Grizzly bears.
But there's the same bears, the same species.
It's just you have the inland one, which is eating mostly animals and berries and shit like that.
[35:06] And they have the coastal ones just gorging in salmon.
And so they're fucking huge.
They put me in a cage with two of them.
They're actually less likely to try to go after you because they have an abundant food source.
Like there's people that camp out by the river and watch these enormous fucking bears just eat salmon.
But the bears don't want to have nothing to do with you.
They're just eating salmon.
Like the Revenant, right?
I don't care what kind of bear it is.
It doesn't bear coming at you.
The bear has bad intentions, black, brown, white.
And they tell you to lay down and just stay there.
Like I know that like the bear's gonna catch you if you keep running, but you could, you think that you could play dead in that moment?
No.
It doesn't matter.
It'll just start eating you.
Right, so why did the thing get this advice?
Because if it's a mama bear, so if a mama bear goes after you because her cubs are there, if you stomp and you scare her, like if you come too close and she doesn't know you're there, she thinks you're a predator she may charge you she charges you and bites you and you you should [36:06] play dead you should play dead with her because she's not trying to eat you she's just trying to protect her cuff okay she wants an eye but it doesn't mean she won't eat you either yeah how do you don't you want to eat dead when she's sometimes through this sometimes she just wants to eliminate the threat and then get her baby's the safety.
Yeah.
So that's why playing dead works with mama bears sometimes.
So you just hope it won't run mama.
But it's a big sometimes.
It's a big sometimes because sometimes they just eat you.
Like they're bears.
We don't have like a fucking like treaty with them.
Right.
That's why my strategy is just not to put my job in a place where there are bears.
That's a good move.
You know?
And it'll help you.
That'll help you a lot in this life.
Yeah.
If you want to avoid getting by bears, don't go across one like that, like in just in the wild.
The scariest thing I came across, I've talked about it too many times in the podcast, but to tell you, I saw a big mountain line from about 30 yards away.
But I was inside my friend's truck and he spotted it.
It was about [37:05] doska was in Utah in the mountains and we were taking this corner and he hits the brakes.
He goes look at that cat and we look in about 30 yards away under a tree is this enormous, enormous mountain line with like a head like a pumpkin dude and these giant forearms and it's just sitting there We're like holy fuck man, and I had binoculars so I pick up the bino so I have these 10 power binoculars I'm looking in its face.
Oh shit.
Oh shit.
And I'm but I'm protected.
I mean so the car we have a gun I'm protected and I'm did you still shitting my pants?
That's crazy.
I felt like it like it Shitting my pants like I felt like it like it some primal fear yeah some primal recognition of an actual monster Yeah, yeah that that kicked in from the inside that I mean that's from inside yeah truck with a gun Doesn't matter when the bad doc.
Yeah, yeah, you look at the shit and it's eyes are kind of because it's dusk [38:02] The eyes are kind of glowing a little bit.
Yeah Yeah, yeah, no, no, thank you.
That's dusk the eyes are kind of glowing a little bit.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, no thank you.
No thank you.
That's those are the real monsters.
And I had a collie dog bite me once and I was that scared.
So it's like I'm not going to.
If your cat wants to fuck you up, that's a real problem.
Yeah, I don't do cats.
But imagine a cat that's 170 pounds.
Yeah.
Dude, it's so scary.
This is so big.
You ever see these guys on Instagram, like they live with lions?
Oh, those guys are going to go crazy.
On the couch and they're like, come over and they just feed them like a sandwich.
You know, Melanie Griffith grew up with lions.
No, but the whole house was filled with lions.
Yeah.
How does that, there's not something everybody everybody knows a house was free ride free Romance no no no they had pet lions.
I mean enormous pet lions.
What did she all these photographs of her as a child in California?
This right wasn't where her wish but what was her family was cookie just this was your these would just cookie lion pets [39:02] Yes, it wasn't like they were like car nieces No, don't crazy lion people and they did a movie with these lions and the movies supposed to be like the dumbest movie of all time Illegal it was illegal to do this is the movie.
What's it called again?
What is it Jamie?
Roar roar, so these are all their lines and a bunch of people got fucked up in the making of this movie too, but no shit I don't believe it because they used to actual real lions man and so like if we fucking sees Melanie Griffiths is in this stupid movie all these clips are these actors on right now yeah, they're acting with their pets.
Those are real lions.
Everyone I knew everyone of those people were yes.
How was that?
What was the insurance for that?
insurance and shmarrants.
You know, they're fucked up here with your insurance.
Yes!
How was that?
What was the insurance for that?
The insurance in Lawrence.
You know, in the fuck guy here with your insurance.
They locked me in a motel room with a tiger, a bangle tiger, and then Joker's movie.
They pushed me into a roadside hotel room, closed the door behind me.
I turned around, there was no knob on the inside, and I just was like, what is this for?
[40:01] And I heard a grumbling.
Oh my God.
And then literally I was like, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, which is what are you talking about?
It's chained to the pole in the shower.
Bro, I also want you to look at that bitch as chain.
I thought you would say look at that bitch as in the corner.
Look at that chain.
You don't think you can break that chain?
I know he could.
I was saying it.
That is so crazy.
Yeah.
That's such a crazy thing to do.
I just forgot about that until this it too.
Fuck those things man.
I said to them, oh fuck those things.
This isn't funny, it's not gonna be funny so I had to make the movie.
Like the first thing I said on camera is, do we have insurance in the movie?
I couldn't even like play it up and I just stayed in the fucking movie.
Dude, yeah.
Fuck that.
But Roy, Roy, look at that guy, that's a secret in Roy Same thing like he he raised that right tiger from the time it was a baby and he would tell you know why it had [41:06] There's all the speculation It was a lady with like some crazy hat on apparently and they think that like maybe the tiger was agitated by the late But it's all just get the got the tiger just decided to bite him Yeah, if that's all it takes is that tiger to get agitated by a lady Yeah, I mean you're playing with you're rushing to light your whole life.
I mean, like, he would tell you a billion times over.
I'd say, if it's safe, and then he gets his throat cut out.
I don't think he'd tried to kill him though.
I think it was carrying in a way like a cub.
Yeah, I think his limp body, did they show that?
Yeah, I don't think they showed it, but I think they have it.
I don't think anybody no, he was paralyzed Yeah, but he kept the tiger right he was like I figured I'm I'm so ladies fall You can't trust those things I was just kid because when it goes he saw the one where the guy was He had a train grizzly bear for a movie it'd been in a few movies [42:02] Yeah, and it just he's doing this thing with you.
And it just bites his guy's neck off.
Just jumps on this guy's neck and tears it apart in front of everybody and there's nothing anyone could do about it.
The bear just jumps on him for no reason.
Dude, it's just standing there.
Just totally standing still.
And the bear just decides, I wanna bite you.
Imagine what you feel in that moment knowing that no, no, no, you're going to die knowing that it's gonna be this way Knowing that people are watching and can't help and you're gonna die in front of like your whole life When am I going how's it gonna happen?
It could have all been avoided like don't do that don't get out there This is just not it's not a hundred percent kids even if it's 99.9 percent that that little tiny one that when the bear decides To just do what nature wants it to do.
Yeah.
They want to kill things, man.
It's part of the fun of being a bear.
It's part of the fun of being a tiger.
It's part of the fun.
They like to kill things.
That's how they survive.
There's a reward system that's built into their DNA and we have this stupid belief that [43:01] we could just slide stakes under the door and they'll be cool with that.
Yeah, and then eventually they just want I want to get my own meat.
Yeah, like you're not the boss of me.
So the tiger never attacked him during the Vegas show he saved my life I don't know Roy.
I don't know if we're picking it up.
Why does he think the tiger saved his life?
Instinctively, oh, he said he might have been having a stroke.
Hold on a second.
Roy maintains that Monacoir was really trying to drag him to safety after seeing him felled by what he thinks may have been a stroke.
He said he instinctively saw that I needed help and he helped me.
Oh, he was taking medication for high blood pressure for years.
Said he recently began to suffer dizzy spells, and this one spell unfortunately occurred in the presence of a very large tiger.
He said, I started feeling weak.
He still speaks slowly, but has recovered most of his German accent in speech.
As I fell over, Montecor saw that I was falling down, so he actually took me and brought me to the other exit where everybody could get me and help me.
[44:05] He knew better than I did where to go.
So he's saying that the tiger fucked him up accidentally while it was dragging him to safety.
That come out right away.
I don't know, that's, I mean, that's, I mean.
That's amazing if that's what happened, but they don't, tigers don't understand.
You can't just drag a dude by his neck and not like break it.
Yeah.
Because we're bitch ass.
He's like Lenny from Advising Man.
Yeah, so you could do that to a puppy.
Two gaping puncture wounds to the neck.
Before passing out, it recalls that leave Montecore alone, bring him back to brother and sister, let him be happy.
These guys are so great.
I picture Roy Dupren from severe blood loss.
This picture of like just blood sports.
He's like, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Leave him alone.
Just bring him back to his brother and sister.
Oh my God.
Suffering from severe blood loss and shock, he was considered medically dead at one point when his heart stopped.
He also suffered the stroke that would ravage the left side of his body.
So was the stroke before or was the stroke [45:01] because of him getting bitten?
I mean, if it was, it might be rationalizing.
Yeah, yeah.
He could have just had the stroke, and that would be bad enough, but he could have just had a stroke.
Do they know when he had the stroke?
No, man.
I don't see it.
What are you saying makes sense though, if that cat loves him and the cat sees him faint and the cat wants to drag him to safety.
Yeah.
Just they don't know they can't deal with bite you.
You see the reunions with these, the reunions of like the trainers and they haven't seen many years like these like zoo guys.
Oh yeah.
That raise like tigers and set them free and then they reunite them.
Oh.
Like in the wild they reunite them and these tigers just come charging out the guy jump up and just thought licking them.
Oh.
Yeah.
You see that and I think that's bad press to put out there really.
I tell you the truth.
Why?
Because it's making them, it looked like a domesticated house cat.
The thing that looks adorable, it's licking it.
I'm like, maybe I can raise a lion.
Yeah, I don't do that.
Yeah, that's a good point.
realizes like oh my god that life is so much better than this bullshit life at chasing gazelles [46:05] I know right, you know, like these guys are in this guy's like leather sectional in his house And he's feeding them.
He's just throwing the meat.
He's like playing You know like I'm like hot this guy's going to die.
He has like 30 lions free roaming the house Yeah, he's got like a billion you Instagram followers I had to, everyone's following waiting for the post.
Tiger scene in Houston neighborhood found after a week of searching and legal wrangly, a week.
A week is crazy.
Oh, wait, that's so crazy.
You have a tiger rolling around for a week.
Just dodging for a week.
How is it hiding?
Yeah, like how are they so bad at finding time?
Anyone who lays eyes and not tiger is calling it in.
Yeah, but don't you have helicopters and shent?
Like, yeah, you don't let that go for a week.
How do you get that?
How's it?
Where's it going?
Where'd it go?
Nobody gets lunch until they find it.
It's like, you can't just let it go.
Yeah, it's overtime, boys.
Come on.
Every night.
bit tomorrow.
We'll wake up early.
It's not a tiny tiger.
So it came right up to people.
Is that what it's doing?
It says it's an off to the police officer points a weapon [47:08] as the apparent owner retrieves the tiger that had gotten out.
Oh my God.
So this dude can just grab it.
That's kind of cool though that they just let the guy grab his tiger instead of shooting it.
Until they find like a bunch of dead dogs and cats.
You think that that's a small tiger?
I went to the Nashville Zoo, I got like a back stage, whatever, tour whatever.
They had baby cloud leopards.
That would just burn.
I held them in my hand and fed them with a bottle, right?
They were this big.
I mean, you could have crushed it, right?
And a year later, I was back there on the road, I went back and they said, do you wanna see the baby cloud leopard, you fed?
And they build these outdoor structures, these cages.
So they're living outside, but they're in outdoor cages.
So they bring me in the cage, right?
And we're with a few people, and they're like, that's the one that you fed last year.
And it's like, now it's like, it was this big, when I fed them now it lean, like this big.
Like bigger than any house cat you've ever seen, but like not like, you'd still think like, [48:07] you know, it couldn't hurt you as they tell you, whatever you say, whatever you do, just don't turn it back to it.
So I was like, okay.
And I was like, can this thing hurt me or not?
Like why are we in here, you know what I mean?
And at one point walk out turn around.
It's swiped at me right here.
I still have a mark for it.
It swiped at me right here and sliced me in a droop blood.
It wasn't a deep cut or anything.
It just, like, missed it.
It only did it when you turned your back.
It's when I turned.
I was like, oh my, it fucking did it.
And it's just one line right here I fed you was yeah, yeah, it's something that's not looking anything.
It's not looking.
It's gonna get it And that's scary Built into its hard drive Dude, what about that lady got a face ripped off by the chimp?
Oh just reading about that.
Oh my god [49:00] I did for some some picture.
I think I think I don't do it.
Yeah, don't do it Yeah, that's a terrible story man That's horrific and like I think they have like audio of something like where she's just like Just 911 audio.
Oh God.
Oh, I mean those those chimps they like dismembered like this member you like they she he ripped her entire face All yeah, they try to ruin you They try to bite your fingers off they go for your genitals Yeah, they bite your fingers off they go for your genitals yeah they take your feet off that's how you know they got a that's a odd handbook for them that's like let me tear his feet off first I don't know who triple you yeah and I'm even trying to kill you they're trying to cripple you is that what they do yeah they're smart cripple you and then what evil and smart they're trying to win you can't build more fingers bitch just cripple you walk away and?
And then you go and smile at the trend.
I went up here and I didn't know more fingers, bitch.
Just cripple you and walk away and be like, now live like that.
Yeah, they don't just want to hurt you.
Like they don't have any morals.
They're just these wild and intelligent things.
Why do they have a break point then?
Why do they want to be just kind of...
I don't know why want to kill you.
I think they want to fucking hurt you.
[50:08] You know, they punish you.
They have like one of the more horrible stories was this guy had a chimp that he raised for a while and then it got big and it became a bit of a problem and he had to give it to a rescue center and he would go back with his wife and they would visit the chimp.
And one time he went back and he brought the chimp a cake because it was his birthday.
And the other chimp were so angry that they didn't get cake.
You gotta be fucking good.
And someone fucked up and left one of the doors open.
And the chimp's got out.
They figured out a way to get out.
They open the door, attack the guy and just tore him apart.
Tore his hands off, tore his face off.
The guy who raised, uh-huh.
It wasn't him.
It wasn't the champion raised that did that.
It was the other chimps.
So the other chimps were jealous that they didn't bring them that he didn't bring them.
[51:02] They can be evil.
They can be evil.
Like they they they don't care., that he didn't bring them to break the brick cake for everybody.
They're evil.
They can be evil.
Like they, they don't care.
It's not like a proportionate response to something.
No, I think that's a, you know, a little bit.
So they're intelligent, but they're also like ruthless in this crazy way that is incomprehensible.
Like the worst, worst possible characteristics, you could ever imagine happening in human beings are just common, just common with chimps, commonplace.
Man, that's another thing, like explaining these deaths.
Like, you know, like his family down the line, he's like, oh, he brought out angel food cake to a...
He didn't even kill him, just torn apart.
He brought an angel food cake to a he didn't even kill him It just tore him apart.
He didn't kill him.
No, he survived And then he's got a life after that or what is how much you know his face is gone his hands are gone Part different bodies all fucked up.
They just tear you apart.
They go for your chick for your dick I want to have a physical cake now the guy they're probably done [52:04] Maybe it's probably should have brought four cakes.
Yeah, it's probably a cookie guy only now.
Well, I wouldn't, I wouldn't look a cake too dramatic if he even has the eyeballs.
And it's not like, yeah.
I had a chip, I saw a chip bite somebody.
I went on his little, yeah.
When I was little, we upstate, like what do they call it?
Like George and stuff like that?
Sure I know what it is.
We go up there and we, like, or even the poke, like the cat skills.
Beautiful.
Yeah.
So we would go up there and I remember we were at this like little, little resort or whatever and they had like entertainment and they had like a daily show and it happened every day and we were there for a few days.
So I would go to the show every day was in this little like cabaret theater and This guy would come out a cowboy in all sequence outfit and he hosted the show was for kids and There was all different acts and he would bring them out So he brings out one of the acts he brings out they the stage becomes an a little ice sheet ice skating rink And the ice skater and guy'd say is maybe twice the size of this table It's just for them to do like little little twirls.
And the guy comes out and he has a chimp dressed [53:07] as a cowboy in ice skates.
And he's dressed as a cowboy in ice skates.
And they start skating together and doing and he's holding the chimp and they're twirling and twirling and everything.
And then the chimp loses control.
Flies, he lets go of the chimpimp the chimp flies off the stage and the woman at a little cocktail table in the front He landed on her and bit her right here as he landed bitter right here and she I mean she was bleeding everywhere.
She's so screaming And she's screaming and the guy didn't know what to do and he got got the chimp and they got back onto the ice and He like he was like, okay.
And he took a chunk, you saw a chunk of flesh out.
I was like eight.
You know what I was like, I couldn't believe, and there was no one really there.
There was like 15 people.
The place was empty.
It was like a weekday chimp ice skating show.
No one wanted to see it.
[54:01] It was like at lunch.
And it was all dark in there.
Like it was like at lunch and it was all dark in there like it was all moody and everything Oh my god, it was it was a real experience and this guy just was like all right That's that's gonna be the show for today and the next day they did the show with the champ The next day they did the show with the same girl No, no the woman was a patron patron.
Yes.
Okay.
I don't know what happened But could you sue back then with the suing days?
I mean, did you hear anything about it?
I mean, I always ate.
I kept my head to the streets, but nothing came over my desk.
I mean, I had to imagine it was some time of a lawsuit.
I can't believe though that like the chimp didn't get put down.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, maybe it did.
Maybe it did.
Wow.
I don't know.
It was wild though.
They started to clamp down on that.
They're trying to pass laws.
I skate.
I skate.
I skate, or just regular.
Can I regular once?
Because like this lady in Connecticut just said, like it was legal what she was doing.
I think they've changed those laws though.
You shouldn't be able to have that.
We can't wear shoes on a plane.
Because one time, one time, one guy failed at doing something with his shoes.
[55:06] Right.
This lady gets her face ripped off to the skull.
Still can have chimpanzees.
Still climbing this, not a big deal.
I don't know if you can anymore after her.
Yeah, I think they changed.
She was the woman that did it.
I think, well, there was those two different stories that were bolt in the news around the same time.
One of them was the guy that brought the birthday cake to the chimps, and the other one was this lady whose friend was visiting her.
Just got the chimp tore apart her front.
That was a bad time for chimps.
Okay, under CT, is this Connecticut?
It's illegal to import and possess all primates in the family, hominade, guerrillas, chimpanzees, binobos, and orangutans.
Zuz that are accredited by the association of Zuz and aquariums or the zoological association of America are exempt from the ban.
So they passed a ban after she got tore up.
But that's just Connecticut.
But there's places you could have them.
I guarantee you could have them right here.
[56:02] I guarantee.
You see people with Crocs.
People have crocs in their apartments.
There's people in the fucking New York City.
In New York City, there's a guy that had a tiger in his house.
This is apartment in the Lake the Cops.
So there's a very famous photo of the cops going up the fire escape and you're looking in the window, you see a fucking cat.
I mean, a a big tiger dude.
Yeah.
It's just like this like bearing it's teeth.
It's the nuttiest picture.
Yeah.
What is he supposed to do?
Uh.
Shoot it with a dart or something, right?
I think you have the shoot it, shoot it.
Yeah.
I don't think a dart, you're not, I mean, I don't know what they did.
I don't know how they did it.
Well, good lord.
Who's going cat in the apartment to shoot with a dart.
Are you fucking sure you're gonna hit it?
Yeah, I'm not going to hit it.
I'm not gonna hit it.
I'm not gonna hit it.
I'm not gonna hit it.
I'm not gonna hit it.
I'm not gonna hit it.
I'm not gonna hit it.
I'm not gonna hit it.
I'm not gonna hit it.
I'm not gonna hit it.
I'm not gonna hit it.
would put a dart.
He's still like dogs.
Yeah.
A dog?
Yeah.
[57:05] He should have a dog with a dart.
I swear that Tiger just doesn't live there till it dies because who's extracting that thing?
And then, Yeah.
Well, what if it gets out?
Yeah.
The figures out that windows are like, you just go right through them.
What about in the forest?
It's a every day.
Joe, it's every day.
It's, it does, it's a, they don't have very many crocodiles.
More than I would, more than I think should happen.
I mean, people have their houses like blocked off so the crocs hanket in there.
Yeah, it's outgators, mostly.
Oh, outgators, yeah.
There's a difference.
Crocodiles are way more dangerous.
They're way more aggressive.
But did they cohabitate?
They do in the Everglades, apparently now, not a lot, but they've had more than one sighting of Nile crocodiles in the Everglades.
And there's some, some of the biologists have a speculation that there might be a breeding population.
[58:01] Really?
Because there's so many ass holes who just release things in the Everglades.
I mean, you know the Python situation there, right?
No.
You haven't seen them at?
No.
No.
No.
No.
The Everglades are infested with giant pythons that are all invasive.
They're all pets or from research.
Are you serious?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So they're either from research place where people were working.
There was some of them definitely got released there, but other ones are released just because there's people's pets.
So asshole, some fucking dude is in the death metal.
Has a python.
It's like, you know, I can't feed you right now, but I'm gonna let you go and into your deathmire.
I'm gonna hit top you back.
Remember me.
Yeah, that's the fucking monster loose in the swamps and it just they've decimated the swamp So the Everglades is missing like 90% of all of its mammals Everything they're eating algators now the pythons are eating algators.
There's this crazy Photos can you I guess yeah, right?
Well they died doing it because the alligator like worked its way partially out of the pythons body with its tail [59:05] It's like that's a lot fucked up photo because the alligator like worked its way partially out of the pythons body with its tail.
It's like that's the most wild fucked up photo.
They threw me in the swamps in the body in New Orleans with where alligator is where for the show.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah man.
Why?
You could die man.
It's like real.
You could die thing.
I know.
They dressed me as a bog.
They killed his suit as like a bog monster and they put me in a swamp and I had to hide behind this thing.
I mean, dude, the swamp swamp.
Not like what I was, we took a fan boat.
The water looked like chocolate milk.
If you put your hand under those, sir.
That's so dangerous.
I know.
If you put your hand under the water, this, this low, you couldn't see your hand, right?
It's about 110 degrees that day.
They put me in these gullies.
I was nervous about germs anyway, so I actually literally wore a condom to go in there because I was free of stuff going on with my pee hole.
Like no, no parasite.
Oh, right.
Yeah, yeah.
I was just like, I don't know if it was gonna help, but I was like, why not?
Right.
You know, like wearing a mask.
Yeah,, I just tried, you know, anything I can help me really, because I wasn't allowed to say no, [1:00:06] you can't say no to these things.
That's the whole point of the show.
When you lose, you can't say no to whatever's coming your way.
So there was a fan boat tour that passed the route and they wanted me to come out during the fan boat tour so the guy could be like, fuck it with me.
Not to scare the people to make me look like a moron and just, yeah, but didn't know for sure.
Okay, this is fine.
Nope.
So they didn't, I told me that that was happening.
But, so that's why I find this attacking me.
But, so they, I had to hide behind that area over this, just getting into it.
Yeah, dude.
Would I worry about doing this in Louisiana is someone who's got a gun.
And it's like, I'm finally killing me a big foot.
Yeah, yeah.
You know?
Well, there's people that are not smart and they are armed.
Yeah, yeah.
[1:01:00] Well, I mean, I didn't think about it.
I was worried about them.
I was worried about them more than they would be the alligators.
Yeah, scaring Why people In that moment though I Actually, I was so got so nauseous because it was a hundred five degrees of smell and I don't want to I threw up And I couldn't leave the where I had to stay for the bit So I was just standing up sitting like in my own throw up.
Oh God.
Yeah.
Jesus Christ.
And then, like about 15 minutes in, they go, oh, see how I get back.
And they point and there's an alligator.
And it's coming at me.
And I, I think it's even a guy, and I go, ah, and I turn and I run toward the boat screaming.
And there was a fucking remote control alligator that they got that I didn't even know existed But it was an alligator and for a for a good 10 seconds My reality was that an alligator was coming at me.
No, I wasn't mobile look at the outfit.
I was in I couldn't really move That'll be the end of the show [1:02:01] Yeah, and then the end of the show, but you were thinking about the show, right?
Yeah, I mean, I was like I cannot what about all the basic cable fans?
What about the people that work behind the scenes?
The real heroes?
Yeah, yeah, it's but don't do those things dude.
Yeah, don't fuck around with nature.
You want to do silly things with humans?
That's great.
We start getting swamped.
If you were in far between it, it sounds like we do a lot of it.
If you wanna talk about Python, just clamp the whole of your leg and start wrapping around your body and you realize you're trapped.
You're trapped in this stupid fucking swamp.
Well, you can't see anything.
You don't know how to get out.
And this snake's trying to kill you.
You don't even have a weapon.
You have nothing to fight it off.
I hope I go by surprise.
That wouldn't be much of a surprise.
It would the beginning would be a surprise.
I don't want to go in the rest of death.
I don't want to know that in minute, there's death eminent in the next one minute to hour or whatever the fuck it is.
When a python wraps around you, I'd imagine it takes a little while.
I bet the fear of it taking a while, it constricting you is probably fucking just numbing.
You probably can't think.
You're probably so overwhelmed with fear.
[1:03:07] There's things constricting your body and literally breaking your bones.
It's like crushing you.
I'm so scared of death already.
And I think of death all the time.
And never have I thought of it in the light that we've been talking about tonight.
So we just added a whole nice new bucket for me.
Yeah, animals have things you really need to worry about.
Yeah.
My friend Paul Rosalie, he lives in the Amazon and he got on top of a anaconda that was so big, he couldn't get his arms around it.
Yeah.
Why?
He was seeing this thing slither through the water and it was kind of dark out.
And you'd have to go listen to the clip on YouTube to get the exact wording of how he said it, but he essentially wanted to try to hold on to it because it wasn't gonna try to combat.
He took a chance and it wouldn't attack him.
So he just, I don't know.
[1:04:00] He's just fucking insane.
Everyone thought he was insane.
Big dude.
Like why?
I don't understand.
It's so big that he couldn't get his arms around it.
Is that what he's doing?
Basically like my size, maybe a little bigger than me.
He couldn't get his arms around it.
Does he work with?
Well he works with the rainforest.
He works in the rainforest.
He has to.
No, no, no.
His whole thing is is saving rainforest land.
And what they do is they take these people that were hired as loggers and they pay them more money to protect the rainforest.
Cause it's basically just poor people.
And they're doing that.
They've saved like millions of acres of rainforests and he's worked.
So he actually lives out there.
So he sees these things and he said, this is the biggest one he's ever seen.
So you don't even know really how big the biggest one is.
Yeah, it's just like the limited number that they've measured and come in contact with.
Right.
So what was his end game?
I just wanted to like experience that I think, like just grab a hold of it.
He didn't think it would bite him.
I don't remember him talking about this.
He tried to get eaten by a snake at one point, [1:05:00] about 10 years ago.
He tried to they tried to different they filmed it for a show They tried he tried to get eaten by the biggest anaconda.
They could find what they're gonna do They're gonna kill it when did you have like some quite a crazy suit on yeah, he had this suit on here that are preventing him from dying Fire oh god, that's so ridiculous.
Yeah, I don't know how I got me and look it's got head around them Jesus Christ Wait what yeah, that's hilarious So that so that dumb idea balls So that suit is for running the strength of that snake from pushing him That's how did you see Jamie see if you could find that video of the largest anaconda ever discovered These guys are swimming under the water with it in this river.
It's insane These guys are swimming under the water with it in this river.
It's insane.
That's what I was trying to do.
It's insane.
These guys are swimming down there in the water and this thing's moving along the bottom of the water.
And it's head is like this big.
It's like a crocodile or something.
It's so big.
It's head is like way bigger than you think a snake's head should be.
[1:06:02] Like bigger than a human head.
Under water is scary to me than the forest, even.
Underwater is another planet.
There's another aliens.
They are aliens.
And there's no doors.
There's no doors.
You never lock yourself in a room, like, woo!
Finally, I'm all over.
Nobody gets to relax.
Wow, it's unobstructed.
Yeah, there's no doors.
Yeah, look at this.
Whatever thing, dude look at this thing It's 26 feet long Look at these guys swimming by it and what is that eating?
To sustain that size to sustain that size.
What does that thing?
Everything look at his right to it.
Look at the He's got an official price goggles set from CVS.
What is he doing?
He's being a dork.
Look at his outfit.
He's got his watch on.
He's got a mold.
He might be one of them influencers.
But whoever this fella is, or maybe he's just a scientist that's a young kid.
But whoever this fella is, like, you got balls.
Just assume that thing doesn't want to just eat.
But it's not even balls though.
It's not even balls though.
It's like, it is balls.
His name's Dr.
Freak.
So you still don't know [1:07:06] if he's a doctor or an influencer, then.
Yeah, I don't know.
Freak Vonk, is that what it's like?
Dr.
Freak dies fucking with a bowler.
I can see it.
What a great name.
Dr.
Freak.
He sounds like he should be like, like a one of them DJs Yeah, Dr.
Freak's here with the best name Marshmallow You heard the best name of her Salad man, just a great freaking name for like what for a human as a human name Yeah, like just as someone's first and last name I don't even thought about that nothing comes from mine.
Yeah, I'm about you Someone just said some to me the couple days ago and I was like that is the fucking coolest name I've ever heard but I don't fucking remember.
But like it's was something like Enrico Palazzo.
It was like something like a good flairful.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Name is, if you, if you have a flairful name and you're a fucking loser, that's got a suck.
Yeah, you know, you got some beautiful name when you turn out to be a loser.
Yeah, he's a presenter, but he's also a doctor.
Wait, that was what I want to talk, call him Dr.
Freak if he's not really a doctor.
[1:08:08] Was that a real bad thing?
That's real.
That's a bear with wings right there.
That's a, but that's a perspective thing.
If you've got to look where his feet are, he's standing behind it, the bats in front of the camera.
Still, no, it's probably kind of big it's he's not that far behind his he's far enough it's a it's I mean yeah but if he got like right up to it it would be about that big no the rap body the body part you you you got close to it I don't which kind is it by the way how do those things exist and we don't talk about them.
We'll see them more.
Well wing length is five wing length is five feet.
Okay It's like the foxes fox size.
Oh, fuck that.
Oh really like fox size.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
Look at this lady.
Oh my god Dude, that one's fucking oh my god.
Look at that.
That's like bram stoker's Dracula.
We're Gary Oldman turns into one of those [1:09:07] That's what it looks like who's who who's even going near those things?
What are they?
In Bali.
There's a large, I guess fruit bats.
We're so lucky.
They just like fruit.
Oh You know, yeah, so like so the same way cows feel about vegans like So happy you ever go over here to see bats.
Oh, yeah Is it really 1.5 million?
I didn't count.
No, that's the stat they give you.
Yeah, that's the stat.
I don't know, but it's an insane amount of that.
It's a sight to see.
Oh, yeah, it's crazy.
I've seen it from a distance, but I've never gone and stood there.
It's cloud of bats.
You get shit on?
Well, you probably would if you were under them.
You know, like where where the bridge meets the water.
So I imagine when they're flying out, they shit on the water.
You know, there was a couple doctors died because they were standing in front of this cave in Africa where bats, it's like fucking millions and millions of bats in this cave.
And every night they would come out and they wanted to get photographs [1:10:00] of these bats coming out of the cave.
So they're sitting there waiting, the bats come out of the cave.
So they're sitting there waiting, the bats come out of the cave and just trench them in shit.
Millions and millions of bats just shitting in their face and they didn't think of that.
And they got some crazy hemorrhagic virus and they were both dead in like a matter of days.
Again, I'm just taking another o-bit for that.
Well, like, you know, you tell them, they're great-grangles, like yeah.
The great-grangles, all they got shit on by too many bats at one time.
Yeah.
And it just went south from there.
He was a bat scientist that didn't think about this one thing.
Yeah, like what you know, one thing, you How do you not know that's about to happen or maybe they just didn't think would be the volume it would be See if you can find that case I've already looking I found it that sounds different.
How did it come to be down here?
How did it why is that why are they all here?
It's a good question I don't know but apparently they eat the mosquitoes.
There's more in Houston Oh really?
Yeah, that's a migration and a mixture of two different colonies from like they fly for Mexico.
They're so cool.
When they come out at night and you hear them.
[1:11:06] Yeah, that's the sound they make.
You see I'm fucking fine.
I'm like, well, look at them all.
They're cool.
And they apparently do just fuck those mosquitoes up.
Imagine the bats weren't around.
We had like way more mosquitoes.
Because apparently they do have mosquitoes.
Yeah.
You guys don't have mosquito problems down here that I'm so weak.
We do.
We have, no, I wouldn't say it's a mosquito problem.
Like Alaska has a mosquito problem.
You ever been in Anchorage in July?
No.
Bro, you get out of your fucking car.
I remember it was August 1st.
You get out of your car, it's like a scene from the birds, like the Alfred Hitchcock movie, or Albert Hitchcock.
No, I went to Australia and the desert and stuff, and they give you, we had to wear nets, because they just, like did the bugs just land on you and just stay there?
Is it Alfred Hitchcock or Albert Hitchcock?
Alfred, right?
Yeah.
Once you say it wrong, your brain goes, [1:12:02] wait, which one's the right one?
Yeah.
Those words, you don't hear Alfred or Albert anymore.
Kids these days.
No, there's so many things you don't hear.
You do not get called Alfred.
Alfred's dead.
Yeah, Alfred.
I've never heard that name.
I think Alfred is probably more.
It's a beautiful name.
It is and I think it's probably more Alfred's than other names though.
Adolf offs gone.
Yeah, that's rap.
Yeah, just you can name your kid gangus.
Nobody would fucking flinch.
Yeah, right?
Do killed 10% population.
I know everybody like wow, what a cool name.
Oh, cool.
It's virtual.
You feel connected to the Mongols.
Like everybody would be cool with that name.
Is like as in con you can call them Temujin which is Genghis Khan's real name Because really yeah, that was a con was a stage name no, it was like Con he was a con the con is the ruler and I think I don't know what it means what is Genghis mean [1:13:03] It's crazy and it's something about who he is as a ruler.
But his name, he was born, his name that he was given at birth was Temogen.
Hmm.
I didn't became a con.
So you could call your kid Temogen, and you'd be naming your kid after someone who killed 10% of the population of Earth while he was alive.
You think gangus have a thought as its ancestors would own the Jacksonville Jaguars?
It says, Temmajin formally adopted the title Genghis Khan, the meaning of which is uncertain.
At an assembly in 1206, carrying out reforms designed to ensure long-term stability, he then transformed the Mongols tribe structure into an integrated meritocracy dedicated to the service of the ruling family After Thwarting a coup attempt from a powerful shaman.
Oh, what a wild time to be alive Warlords and shaman's are trying to get a coup on you Gangus began to consolidate his power in 1209.
He let a large scale raid into the neighboring West Western Z [1:14:06] Who agreed to Mongol terms of following year?
Yeah, he's done a lot of wild shit.
We could go on and on for that He killed a lot of fucking humans man.
Dan Karlin probably had the answer in his Podcast about that probably right this is just the from the Wikipedia.
Yeah Yeah, Dan Karlin's podcast is the best source of that.
If you want to know like a cool story that's entertaining, that you could follow along with, it's the wrath of the con.
The wrath of the con.
It's all about that, dude, I was like, but my point is like, you could name your kid Temmaging.
Nobody would freak out.
Name your kid Adolf and he can't hang out with my kids.
Yeah, right.
You what's number two?
Eight off is a layup, right?
And there's no way everyone knows no eight off.
Right.
Is there a, is there even a two?
Is it just he alone on the zone?
I think he's alone on his own.
Yeah.
Right.
Because like Joseph Stalin existed before I was born.
[1:15:00] I'm Joseph Rogan.
Like nobody flinched on Joseph.
Yeah.
I'm Joseph Rogan like nobody flinched on Joseph.
Yeah Such a piece of shit, but yet you can still say it.
Oh, some a bit lot.
Oh, yeah Well the rest these are not real.
Yeah, Osama would be a hard one.
Yeah, that's a hard one who's saying would be a hard one Legal baby names in the United one.
A legal baby named Znina of the States.
Illegal?
What?
Jesus Christ, you can't name me, could Jesus Christ.
You can't name your kid King.
You're kidding me, you're kidding me, right?
You can't name the kid, it's a law.
Ah!
You can't name your kid Santa Claus.
You can't name him the atsimals.
don't you can't name your your your your your kid majesty?
Why not?
Why can't you name it 1069 wait a minute?
You can't name your kid Messiah, but you can name him Muhammad right?
Help me out.
No doesn't make any help me out because a lot of kids are named Muhammad.
Yeah.
Yeah [1:16:01] Yeah, but why but why 1069 what the hell is that?
Robocopop illegal in Mexico No my friend No, we draw the line my friend You know what's funny is that like is that like they getting caught in the hospital?
So it has to get words and then I'm not gonna do it one day.
It's a police like you got to rename your son right now See your, it will Robo cop.
This is from the, yes, per certificate.
Robo cop Martinez.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
The N words on there.
Yeah, there's a lot of them.
There's a lot of illegal names.
I didn't know.
I didn't know you couldn't name your kid Jesus Christ, but I know a dude named Hans Wooz.
Sure.
This is Jesus, I mean, this is Jesus.
Right.
Can't feel the Christ in that.
What if your last name is Christ?
And you want to name your kid, hey, Suz?
I mean, there's some Christs out there.
Yeah.
Some dudes, their last name is Christ.
Yeah.
What are they supposed to do?
They didn't You can't do that.
How come you can name yourself Muhammad?
How come you can't name your son Jesus?
[1:17:06] Think about how many Muhammad's or think about it was like...
If it was invoked to name your kid Jesus.
Why?
Just millions of Jesus.
So many Jesus'.
Because if you think about how many Muhammad's there are, why are they not an equal number of Jesus'?
We don't allow it.
It's a weakness in our religion.
Because if you think about how many Muhammad's there are, why are there not an equal number of Jesus'?
Right.
We don't allow it.
It's a weakness in our religion.
That would be come meta.
Because Jesus would be really omnipresent.
Yeah, the Christians should get together and say, guys, it's a weakness in our religion.
We gotta let people name themselves Jesus.
Yeah, I mean, it's encouraging.
I'm gonna change the name of Jesus.
I'm gonna change the name of Jesus.
You know what I mean?
Jesus Robinson.
Yeah.
Everybody just comes Jesus and then whatever your last name is.
You know, I knew it Jesus and as I'm thinking of this, I was able to compartmentalize it.
I didn't think of Jesus every time I called Him Jesus.
Was he actually Jesus?
He was called Jesus.
Not Jesus.
We call Him Jesus.
Yeah But was he Mexican?
He was of some like Hispanic descent.
I don't know what.
[1:18:05] Did his mom call him Jesus?
He was my nephew's friend.
I didn't know him like.
But everybody called him.
They call him Jesus because they couldn't say Jesus or there was this.
They were actually Jesus.
I think his name was Jesus.
Really?
Yeah.
What about Jesus the comic?
There's a dude that's...
Trago, right?
Oh, Jesus.
No, that's Jesus.
Michael and Jesus.
Okay.
Yeah.
Right.
But he's Mexican.
They don't say that one.
They don't say that one.
Yeah.
It's a different thing.
But how do they say Jesus though in Spanish?
Is it in Jesus Christe?
It is, but we- So it's Jesus.
Everybody't that wild?
Stop for a second.
So if you're Spanish of Latin descent, it is really popular to name your kid Jesus.
Because Jesus is a super common name.
That's what it is.
It's stuck up white people in America.
Won't name their kid Jesus.
It just takes a courageous person right now listening to our voice.
Just a courageous person out there to name your kid Jesus.
[1:19:04] If you name them Jesus, that second second name that last name has to be Yeah, it's got to go with it.
I think a lot of things won't go with Jesus.
You know what goes best with it?
fucking Jesus Jesus fucking Robin Can you do that?
Can you name your middle name fucking that'd be so great?
I don't know if you can but I think you can legally change your name more likely than you can be naming a baby that way.
Okay, yeah.
Cause your name would be like you rude asshole.
You're gonna name your kid, this little beautiful innocent baby, you're gonna name Jesus fucking Robert.
Right?
Right.
Right.
Right.
No, you'd have to, but if you were an adult, you'd like look, I'm 38 years old, things are not getting any better.
This is life for me.
I want to be Jesus fucking Robinson.
That's what I want to be legally.
So very least I pull my ID out.
What's your name?
Jesus fucking Robinson.
It's good.
[1:20:00] It says it on the wall.
It's a good name.
It's all the name.
Especially if you could do something real good.
If that's your actual real birth name and you're really good at like fucking fixing cars.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
You're gonna get your car fixed, but it's fucking robbing, too.
I was almost a Steve.
My mom told me.
I was almost a Steve.
My dad's south, so I thankfully I got as a name.
That's a better name for an Italian.
Steve is a, you know.
I'm half.
Yeah, but you look Italian.
I do.
I actually just did 23 of me, like all the extended package genetic thing.
I just got my results by a couple of days ago.
Pretty crazy.
Do you do like what did you like did you like what you glean from it like it was an interesting or it was pretty much what I thought it was yeah I'm Somewhere in the neighborhood of three quarters Italian and one quarter Irish and there's There's like percentages less because there's like one point six percent African one percent Asian and that's it seems to be mostly just Italian [1:21:02] Yeah, it all goes back to the same.
Mine were, they were able to connect me to, it's set in there, there's like about, the woman, it was 150,000 years for the male, it was 275,000 years.
They said if you trace everyone back, it'll go to one person.
Because even though there were a few thousand, those, a lot of those, that DNA and that lineage died off.
And this is, like, there was this one that, like, just ended up getting through.
Like, it literally just read it, like today.
I took a picture of it on my phone actually.
I mean, let's see.
Just the unliklihood of you making it to 2024.
Like, your genes, if you were a person that lived 50,000 years ago, your kid had a kid and kept going, no, they had a kid, someone had a kid, kids, kids, kids, kids, kids, here we are, 50,000 years later, your genes are still popping.
It's insane.
It's just wild to me, yeah.
[1:22:01] So the first man to carry likely lived this gene I have like lewd in southwestern Asia Or the Caucasus between 46,000 and 54,000 years ago His male line descendants appeared to remain rooted in the region for tens of thousands of years while the ice age was in full swing Then around 11,500 years ago the ice age finally gave way to the warm climate blah blah blah blah blah But hold on, this is the guy.
The human species was confined to a relatively small range in eastern South Africa.
Over time, members of this gene pool migrated.
If it was warm and said you could trace it, right?
If every person living today could trace his or her maternal line back over thousands of generations, all of our lines would meet a single woman who lived in Eastern Africa between 150,000 to 200,000 years ago.
Though she was one of perhaps thousands of women alive at the time, only the diverse branches of her DNA have survived to today.
[1:23:02] The story of your maternal line begins with her.
Holy shit.
And for the guys, it's 275,000 years ago.
Current evidence suggests he was one of thousands of men who lived in Eastern Africa.
However, while his male line descendants passed down their Y chromosome generation after generation, the lineage is from the other men died out.
After time, he was the lone guy.
And this is, they told me I'm related to this dude, you ready?
Literally a known guy, O.T.
the Iceman.
No way.
I swear to God, let me reach this.
I freaking.
I've seen that story a hundred times.
Have you?
That story's crazy.
This is what it says about this dude, hold on.
It says, O.T.
the Ice man was discovered in 1991 protruding from a snow bank.
Yeah, look at Jamie to show some pictures of.
Yeah, we've shown it before.
Oh, you know, you know, I know the exact story.
So that's it right there.
Look how dope it looks.
They found him as the glacier melted.
That's my, I got an arrowhead stuck in him.
That's like my uncle.
That's nuts, dude.
Yeah, that's your, you're related to that guy.
Holy shit.
I mean, isn't that saying?
Well, I mean, we probably a lot of people are oh it's tattoos [1:24:09] Did he really?
Yeah tattoos really?
Yeah We looked like Had the world oldest tattoos it said see if you can go back to that thing that you were reading just there right below that right there That's it Had the world's oldest tattoos, how are they made?
The oldest tattoos that we know about right?
See it 61 tattoos.
Which is, yeah like a tramp stamp?
Yeah, yeah, a tramp stamp.
Oh, it's a bunch of lines carved in them, interesting.
Look at that, all those lines.
Even back then they're like tattoos.
Yeah, and they're wild.
Yes.
Might've been a part of ancient healing technique.
That's just guessing, right?
It's said that he was murdered.
Did you see that?
Oh, he was the arrow, but it said he might have been from someone or might have been someone that he knew.
Mm.
Chemical analysis of his teeth indicate he came from the Italian side of the Alps.
He suffered during the year before his death [1:25:01] with whipworm, a stomach parasite that was found in his digestive tract, yet he was fit enough, eiling with whipworm for a year to climb 6,500 feet in elevation during the day or two before he met his end in a rocky Alpine Hollow.
Apparently was murdered, struck by a stone arrow point that was found lodging his left shoulder.
The twisted position of his body indicates that the murderer, or one of his accomplices pulled the arrows shaft out of his prone body Wow, whoever killed him didn't want his valuables because he had a rot copper axe still still with him Wow, they just wanted to kill him Wow and you're related to that dude that dude jizzed in someone Literally, yeah before he died by an arrow He jizzed in someone that made it to 2024.
I'm not here if he's not there.
No, you're not here if he didn't get that nut off That's fucking yeah probably some tattooed up crazy cave lady two of them just grunt and smell like shit [1:26:02] Two of them just grunt and smell like shit I mean not What's up, baby?
Can we have fucking baby and fucking 50,000 years later show on truth We're on TBS now actually it's kind of really is kind of crazy if you think about how the the timeline of people goes I mean, it's we can't imagine living back then.
It's just unimaginable.
I can't put it in my head.
How long ago?
What is the exact thousand years ago that guy's supposed to live?
That one said 50,000.
I mean who can wrap that up?
5,300 years ago.
Okay.
But the first man was 200 and they have DNA from his 275.
So he's from 5,000 years ago.
Just imagine.
53,000.
He's a kid.
Imagine 5,000 years ago you just get dropped off.
And you have to just exist.
Yeah, I mean, even imagine like language, right?
Even the primary language is like, it's still with secular.
[1:27:03] Even if you had to travel somewhere and you had some type of language that you kind of rooted with who you were with, that didn't translate when you came across someone that you didn't know.
Yeah, you go to Vietnam.
Good luck talking to people.
So was it just I guess like, you know, was it killing people on site or did they kind of go by like body language?
I think people who traveled had to learn languages for sure.
Yeah, you probably had to have people help you or work with somebody from that but How many of them can you learn?
Like and where if you're living in Somewhere in North America and you go to China and like the 1800s.
Yeah, how much Communication can you do?
Did you oh did you see that new that new thing they're working on, the AI earpiece?
It's fucking nuts, is it?
Ted talk about it.
So this guy, he's like, okay, this is an all new thing that they're doing.
He's in a restaurant.
He goes, my friends across the other ones are in the restaurant.
Did you see that?
Then he isolates his voice.
And then he's speaking in Spanish and they do real time, not translation.
[1:28:06] His voice is reinterpreted in his voice in English as he speaks Spanish in real time.
And he's hearing this isolated from across the room.
That's fucked up.
It's crazy.
I mean, in one respect, you literally eliminate every single language barrier across earth with this technology.
But in the other, you're Superman.
You can listen to a conversation, it can isolate a conversation from a, you know, it's I think it can only isolate that conversation if those people have those things on too.
But why would anyone wear that?
Well, you would have to let someone use it.
You know what I'm saying?
Like if you were talking to someone through that on the other side, am I wrong?
No, they weren't talking.
He was listening to his conversation.
He was just listening to just I thought it was the people in the room having the conversation.
This guy was in a they were doing this guy was in the room with the earpiece on.
He's looking at a clear across the room at two people at a table talking and he's just listening.
So he said isolate.
Oh, I misunderstood.
I thought when I saw the narrating that what they were saying, [1:29:06] what he was saying was you could do that if you were those two people, you could isolate.
No.
Oh, you could just listen to that.
Yeah.
Oh.
Yeah.
Oh, that's fucking creepy.
But he wasn't pitching, this is the TED talk.
So it's like, I don't know what the technology, yeah.
technology.
Yeah.
Hey, uh, can you enhance the sounds that are right in front of me?
How far away is he from them?
I think he says in the beginning they're across the room or something.
Oh, I guess he's.
And, uh, can you turn that baby down?
No, he's on That's better.
You know, I'm still having a little trouble hearing Pedro.
Can you isolate Pedro for me?
No, he's on stage right now for the TED Talks, so he's not with them.
Manek Hamos, that's perfect.
And you know, my Spanish is a little rusty.
Can I hear Pedro but in English?
Yeah.
And at the end of the trip, we came back to the city [1:30:03] to visit the historic center.
That's the same.
Show close all programs.
That's the same.
What you just let it go.
TURG was a beamforming app with a computational auditory scene analysis app, a machine learning denoising app, an AI transcription and translation and text-to-speech with style transfer app.
So these are not just fancy looking earbuds.
They're an entire computer and We think they're gonna replace some of what we do with the visual computers that we're used to Right cuts off right there.
He's the thing though What was he watching was he watching a video of people talking and then do that because that makes more sense I don't think he's actually eavesdropping on people across the room I think what he's doing is watching a video of people having a conversation and tuning in to those people and taking all the outside noise out and then translating those people in that video in real time.
I think.
What's he watching a video of those people?
I think he's watching a video.
Okay.
Which makes more sense.
[1:31:01] Okay.
Is that right?
No, I'm alright.
Well that the problem is is that they're showing something that probably doesn't work that way also They're bullshit Um, but when they're showing it are there why he's watching a video though, right?
That's why I'm trying to show you what they're doing because he's on stage Yeah, he's on stage.
It's not like it just happens to be a cafe in the room where no one's noticing correct But he that's part of why it's just a weird tech demo of showing you don't really know what they were doing and how much work was set up to do that specific very split.
Did it just translate the sentence?
They wanted it to translate.
And was it all planned in advance?
And then they show like they did do a setup here.
So I'll let him explain what they did.
So it's actually impossible to demonstrate this experience until you hear it with your ears yourself.
But to give you an idea, we have tried to simulate it for you.
Oh, OK.
So imagine that you're sitting in a noisy restaurant.
Oh, OK.
OK.
So it doesn't work in that.
Yeah.
But it's going to be able to do that.
[1:32:01] If he's doing a TED talk on it it and they're getting this far along with it, unless he's like, what's that crazy lady, Elizabeth?
What's her name?
What's her name again?
Elizabeth one, I want, Theranos, it's a name.
Theranos.
But was her last name?
The crazy lady from San Francisco with the blood company.
You know what I'm The Varanos?
Oh yay!
Let us see how it ended up just was straight bullshit.
It was a whole trip.
It was a trial, man.
Oh yeah, she's lost.
Yeah, I mean, the story behind it is crazy.
It's like some people were testing them and they're like, hey, this doesn't work.
I'd get out of here.
Like, the little little, just this wild scam.
I have my DNA, this These are saved.
DNA and sperm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I got, I'm more, I had the option.
I was like, let me do it.
You might as well.
You got all the way from the ice man to today.
Be shame for you.
Oh yeah.
You know, if they died here, that's it.
Did you hear about the cryogenic people?
You know, like they started cryogenically freezing people.
Yeah, some of them like it didn't work.
No.
The one like headline was like, [1:33:05] yeah, they were scraping, goo off the bottom of the thing.
Oh, yeah.
Whoops.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, like if the power goes out and you thought, that's what happened.
That shit's fascinating.
Isn't it only like one company or something that's doing that or a- Imagine if you're to heaven, and you're like, God, I'm free of all my earthly polls, and I just feel one connected and also, and shhup, you get sucked back to life again, and they're stitching your fucking head on this new body, and you're alive now, but you're paralyzed, but with new technology, they can keep you alive forever, right?
No!
No!
And what year is it?
Congratulations Walt Disney's back.
No!
You're a stripping.
You're a stripping.
Imagine if you were in heaven.
Yeah.
Imagine if during the process of reattaching your head it made your mouth paralyzed so you couldn't even talk.
Hell.
That's hell.
[1:34:00] It's like the fucking movie where they eat each other so too and the's ass could you imagine if you're you're dead for like a hundred years and a hundred years of heaven This is so much nicer than being alive.
Oh my god.
Everyone's just there's no arguments It's just love beauty and and just the expression of love and geometric patterns and it flows through you And we all bathe in it.
No one needs to eat, no one needs to sleep.
It's just love and also like a funnel.
Clear, fucking you back to.
Oh, yeah.
I just stitch in your fucking head.
You can't talk as your mouth paralyzed.
Yeah, and they pay for that.
Psh, a lot of money, too, probably.
Also, I think it's more money if you want the whole body.
The one thing I was like thinking is like, let's say, let's just say, right?
It works the way, one day, the way that they thought it would work.
What are you coming back to?
Everybody that didn't do it is dead, you know no one.
You probably are to adjust to the wherever society there and now, who knows how people would treat you?
You're really signing up for something, [1:35:07] what are you signing up for?
I think they're signing up for the hope that if they do get reincarnated, it's like space 2001.
You get reincarnated to this crazy, futuristic world where they could sht.
Welcome back.
Welcome back.
How was your trip, sir?
You think they're trying to preserve consciousness?
They're consciousness?
I don't know what consciousness is really.
Here's the question.
I mean, I know I'm conscious.
I know you can have this conversation.
I think therefore I am.
I know I get it.
I don't know if consciousness is something the brain tunes into or whether the brain is conscious.
I know if you damage parts of the brain, it damages parts of your consciousness and damages different things that you can do.
And they're pretty clear on what parts of the brain are responsible for different things.
But I'm not sure that consciousness is something as simple as neurons firing and your brain [1:36:09] interfacing with the world and using all its senses.
I have a feeling that we might be short-sighted because we can't, and again, this is not scientifically provable, so you have to be just speculative about something like this.
But I have a feeling there's probably quite a few things that we're not totally in tune with to the point where we can measure them.
And I think consciousness might be one of those things.
And I also think we are all weirdly connected in some strange consciousness web, some strange net of human beings.
I think we're all connected, all of us.
It's just a further those people are away, the less you feel that connection.
But I think we're all oddly connected already.
Before we get to the cell phones in your head and everybody being telepathic, I think we're already oddly connected.
[1:37:00] We just don't necessarily feel it all the time.
Yeah, I hope it's something.
I mean, I really do You have it you have it think did you have a moment where you think I might die like to die I've come across like did you have that feeling?
I was a kid when I was like 14 mean a few friends were playing around in this Place where they stored these like enormous concrete place where they stored these like enormous concrete like sewer pipes like these big fucking pipes and there was this this giant metal thing that I guess it was a part of like what they were attached to a crane so they could move these things and it slipped and hit me in the head.
And I didn't go unconscious, but I grayed out, like grayed out, and my head was pouring.
Blood is still a big ding on the side of my head from it.
And I went to the hospital and like I thought it was gonna die.
I did think I was gonna die at that point, [1:38:00] but I was also 14, so I was probably just freaked out with the fact that I got hit.
You know, like this thing hit my head and it only fell like a certain amount because there was other Concrete things in the way so it banged me in the head and then it didn't fall on me luckily But you like I was thinking you had the feeling like I was I got hit so hard it hit me so hard It was so big.
I was like this could be a real problem This could be a real I was, I could be dead right now for sure.
So you having those thoughts on running through your mind?
Yeah, it's fine.
I was okay.
I went to the hospital.
I'm sure I had some sort of a concussion.
They treated me, I forget what they did, but then they just let me go home.
You know, and I was just, they were like, oh, he's okay.
Because I don't think they understood head trauma back then.
I don't think people really got it.
And I don't remember really suffering any like serious consequences of it.
I was never like, I never had a problem like looking at the light.
I never had a problem with loud noises or anything like that.
Yeah.
[1:39:00] But it was spooky.
That was probably the closest I come to just really worrying about being dead.
I had warned, but it wasn't in that it was in on a plane.
Yeah, it was bad.
To this day, if I think about it, I actually will have a little bit of an anxiety attack.
It was a small plane.
We had to do a show in the middle of nowhere on the road and they offered a plane.
We had to do a show in the middle of nowhere on the road and they offered a plane.
So we took it and we were flying back home and it was like a 80 plane, whatever it was.
And I don't like flying at all anyway.
Nevermind, people were like, oh, cool.
You got to do that.
I'm like, I mean, I don't like it.
You see everything.
There's no door in the cockpit.
You see all the motion.
You know what I mean?
I mean, it's just like, I, this feels unsafe.
It's like I'm flying in a toy airplane.
You know what I mean?
Any gust of wind, that's normal.
We'll just, we kind of glide with it.
You know what I mean?
I don't want to feel like we're up there like surfing.
You know what I mean?
guys, my guy and my friends, and we're talking, and then the guy, right before we land, he goes back up again.
[1:40:07] And I look at them and I go, what just happened there?
Like why are we going back up?
And the guy, the copilot comes back, goes, guys, we have a little bit of a situation.
And he goes, what, he goes, so we were about to land just now, you might have noticed, like, yeah, he goes, So as well, we were talking to air traffic control, and our panel up here is saying that one of the wheels is not coming down.
The left wheel or whatever.
And so what we're gonna do is it could be a broke, the panel's broken, and it could actually be down.
We don't know, so we're gonna fly around again, and we're gonna ask them to look again, just to make sure.
He's like, so it'll just be be a couple minutes.
So we made this big turn and we go down to land again And again, we're getting down to like low low though.
They pull back up He comes back out.
This is what his mother fuckers says he says Okay, so they can't tell It was at night.
I don't know.
We're a small plane.
Maybe it's like a bullshit airport.
He goes so they can't tell this is what, he goes, but we don't have enough fuel to get anywhere else.
[1:41:09] So we're gonna go around a third time and this time we're gonna lay in the plane no matter what.
So I'm looking at him, I immediately just crying.
I'm like, not not crying like, but like I'm just whirling up with tears, I'm going to die.
My biggest, one of my biggest fears is dying in a plane crash.
I don't even like to think about it because I don't even want to put it out there.
And I'm like, oh my God.
And I'm like, look at that.
And I'm like, what's going to happen?
And he goes, in all seriousness, he goes, don't worry.
If the wheel doesn't come down or if it doesn't, isn't down, the wing will act like a wheel.
That's what he said to us.
Because the wing is made to like kind of act like a wheel.
It didn't give me any comfort in the moment.
It does.
It slows down the plan.
Yeah, but we're still yes, spinning out and sparks flying from little plane, you know, no good.
Yeah.
And um, oh, actually, no, that was the night at night time was the, uh, that it was the same exact trip there and back.
The nighttime trip, it was like a storm and we flying all the, this was the daytime [1:42:06] because they had fire trucks and ambulances lining on them and the thing, because by the time the third time we went out, they were there.
So they were, they were waiting.
That's another scary thing.
I actually took out my phone and I wrote a text to my entire family.
I have, I saved text.
I'm just like, there's a problem with the wheel.
I don't know exactly what's gonna happen.
I'm literally like, I love you.
I just send that.
Okay, now like as you hit.
I literally wrote it in front.
As I was crying.
I wrote it in full as I was crying and I had it open with my hand right on the thing.
Oh, fuck.
So I was just gonna wait and if it just, I felt like I could just hit it.
I have the text that I see.
And my friend such a fucking asshole.
I'm nervous.
Everyone's really nervous, but I think I'm shown at the most.
My buddy is a nutcase.
So he looks at me and he goes, he's trying to calm me down.
And he goes, just calm down, calm down, calm down.
And I'm like, all right, he goes just relax.
And then he starts going, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And it starts singing fucking La Vamba.
And it breaks the tension, everything.
[1:43:05] And I'm like, dude, and I'm crying and laughing so hard because when you're in that heightened state of emotion, dude, I'm laughing as hard as I'm crying.
Now, now I'm like, I can't even, I'm laughing so hard, I can't breathe, I can't stop doing it because I need to be focused right now on the end of my wife and he was Hello, baby because the big popper like and died for rich balance So he goes hello, baby, and I am literally can't breathe and I'm I'm holding my stuff He's like will I what and then I'm just like dude I'm begging him please stop.
I'm like laughing crying please stop joke and And then we went to land and the wheel was out.
The wheel was out, man.
Man, we got out of the plane.
And everybody was like in good spirits and I was still in that place.
And the fireman came over.
The first thing that happened was the fire guy opened the door [1:44:02] and looked at him and he goes, oh shit.
He goes, got, can I get a picture?
And we get out of the plane and it's the four of us that him take a picture.
I have the picture and it was smiling.
I'm on the end like this.
Just pale white.
Just not no smile.
Just like, oh no.
Yeah, like I couldn't even turn it on for the picture.
Oh no.
It was my biggest fear coming true.
Like, you know, like, you go there.
You literally go there.
That's what I was saying.
I was thinking this could be how I die right now.
And I, oh man, where it takes you is nuts in your head.
Have you seen this new plane that they've developed that doesn't have wings?
And it's gonna be able to fly to London from New York City super quick.
Way faster, less than half the size.
It looks like a spaceship, man.
And apparently it's got, because it doesn't have a traditional shape, there's a lot more room inside of it, so it's fucking huge.
What?
Yeah.
What's the technology?
I don't know.
[1:45:00] I was just looking at some article about it.
And it's a new supersonic craft that looks like, instead of like, it looks like a giant arrowhead or something.
Okay.
It doesn't look like a regular plane.
Like that's what it looks like.
Oh, like that.
That's it right there?
Oh, that's on it, dude.
Oh, so you fly from New York in 3.5 hours and this new supersonic jet.
Can I see what the images look like?
Oh, so this is going to be commercially market.
I thought it was like military.
That one seems like it.
That seemed like a military jet.
The one that I saw looked like that thing.
That's it.
That's it.
90 minutes.
Look at that.
Look at that.
That's ridiculous.
Look at that thing.
It looks like a train.
That's the same thing.
Okay.
It looks like.
That's just a view from the top.
So you can see it doesn't have like a regular wing.
It just has this crazy immense space in the back.
And you're gonna, you're gonna have room to like stretch out.
They'll just stuff it with humans, but probably not because it's probably gonna be super expensive.
[1:46:00] That's only got room for one person.
That can't be the same thing, is it?
A passenger one?
It's an expensive ticket.
There was talking about one that could seat passenger.
It's just commercial routes, but.
Hmm.
There's like one dude.
This one.
No, but I think there was one that they were working on.
Maybe I'm conflating two different stories, but there's one jet that they're working on that does not have wings.
And they were talking about it being able to have more space inside of it because of that.
Who's going on that like, who's going, like once it's like approved, there's a first flight, there's the first commercial flight.
There it is, that's it, that's the thing.
Look at that fucking thing, bro.
That's crazy.
Look at that thing.
That looks like a UFO.
Wingless supersonic jet could transport pastures from London to New York in less than five hours.
How long does it take now?
Wait, what?
I don't know.
It's like six hours.
Yeah, it's not much faster.
Less than an hour faster, but you get to fly in a spaceship.
That's not fast at all.
An hour faster?
That's crazy.
But it's supersonic.
And it doesn't fit in the airport.
Look at it.
It looks That futuristic spaceship like aircraft, capable of transporting back and up a little circular, [1:47:06] transporting 300 passengers at speeds of up to 1,150 miles an hour.
Oh wow, that's faster.
That's like double the speed of a regular jet.
Even more, right?
A little bit more.
Yeah, look how dope it looks though.
Bedrooms, bathroom, suite.
Yeah, see, so the inside of it is so different because it does now have that tube that it's got like space.
Yeah, but how are we, how are we commercializing that?
Like that cabin is gonna be comfortable?
I don't know.
You're not gonna feel 1100 miles an hour?
I guess not, I mean, we don't feel 5,600, right?
Well, once you're up, once you're up and moving, would you feel as the resistance of like getting off the ground, right?
You feel like this pull and then once you level out in You know, whatever the the height that you're gonna achieve is whatever the altitude is It doesn't feel like you're moving at all.
Yeah, and you're going 500 miles an hour It's made by a designer.
It's just as it's a concept I don't know.
It's just like a private room for two travelers with, living room, and an in-sweet shower room in the living room, fine leather, double seat sofa, complete with dining tables, [1:48:10] a 32 inch flat screen TV noise canceling headsets, a comfortable double bed, a full-height shower, vanity unit bathroves, and an in-flight chef at your service.
I got to tell you, the flat screen TV, it really gets more credit than it is.
That's a jet that goes 1200 miles an hour.
That has a home in the air that goes 1200 miles an hour.
And they're like, it boasts a 32 inch flat screen TV.
One was the last time you saw a screen.
What was a bubble?
When did, can we stop saying flat screen?
But it's like, what do you, the thing is, who is it for?
Who can purchase that ticket?
And you're like, one of the things I'm dangling in front of you is a 32 inch flat screen television.
It says right here, nobody has shown interest in building the sky OV EVO yet, but Oscar said he is offering his expertise to engineers helping them in other projects.
[1:49:00] So this is just an idea.
Bro, you can easily get a hold of them Saudi Arabian dudes.
That's who, that's it though.
Well guys, with all that loot, they might go, Hey, how much to make it work?
Yeah, how much?
I like a guy who's like, they're like, how much is like, Alright, it's two billion.
He's like, alright, you throw one of 32 inch flasker and you've got't do it.
I can't do it.
Make sure I get it right.
My hands are tied.
Let me go talk to my manager.
Let me go talk to my manager.
We never do this.
We never do this.
We never do this.
We never do this.
We never do this.
We never do this.
We never do this.
We never do this.
We never do this.
To give you the flat screen with your fucking space.
Shope.
Saudi wife walks outside our house on Christmas as one of the driver with a bow on it.
Yeah.
They probably like this.
Stevie's bullshit.
Look how small.
Look at the revolution.
Just get through this.
I want a big one.
32 inch flat.
Just say flat screen.
That is not that big.
Yeah, why not?
Just say why not put it's 85.
85 there's like a hundred even flat screen why say that yeah done everybody know [1:50:08] Your car comes with four round tires Oh, it's a flat screen around tires.
Hey, um, what kind of tires you have?
Everybody have round tires why do they keep calling them round tires?
Super fun flight thing would be a 12 rows of 33 people each imagine being in the middle.
Oh god If you have to piss oh my god, you didn't get a bedroom seat.
Oh my god.
What are the other things they boasted about A shower a TV 32 inch flat screen TV noise cancelling headsets You can't see the other people in the poor section scream Double seat sofa what imagine someone fucking going ballistic, while you're going a thousand miles an hour, because people go ballistic on planes now.
It's kind of a new thing.
They go crazy, see aliens, they start screaming, they're gonna take the plane out.
Like it happens, it seems like once a month, there's some new video of some guy going bonkers.
Some guy just ripped off and ran up in the aisle, [1:51:01] stay at the land.
I just saw that.
Oh, God.
Just imagine the fear that you would have if you were on a plane and you saw some guy going bonkers, you know, like, God, damn it.
The anxiety you'd have, like, fuck.
Yeah.
As soon as you hear it start, you're like, what's this going to be?
What is this going to be?
What if it's like a new disease?
What if it's like that?
Did you ever see that movie 28 days later?
Yeah.
When they shot the chimps up with this thing called rage.
Yeah, rage.
Chimps gets out.
Yeah.
And gets that dude and then the fucking...
Was that that first zombie movie that were like, they were like super fast, right?
Yeah, that was great.
one of like five movies I've seen two days in a row.
The second one's good too.
I went to it opening next, I was like, this is amazing and I didn't like it as much.
Well the first one was so revolutionary.
You know, it was just, and it was a different concept.
Like a man created zombie virus that just infects everyone immediately instantly turns you into a fucking monster.
[1:52:06] Yeah.
But the thing is that virus is kind of like what rabies is.
Right.
Rabies isn't as effective because it doesn't turn you into a screaming, running maniac trying to bite people.
But the reason why animals with rabies bite you, they have no fear of you and they bite you to give you rabies.
They're trying to give it to you.
Really?
Yeah.
You're saying that something in the composition of rabies elicits the need to pass it on?
100%.
How does that, how does, I don't, but I can't compute that.
There's a lot of examples in nature of viruses and parasites, tricking organisms into doing things that are not in their best interest.
And I think a virus could easily find a way to hijack the way an animal's mind works and to force it to be aggressive [1:53:01] if it wanted to be transmitted a lot.
That's the only reason why I would make sense of it is because if they're so aggressive, they could risk death.
Like an animal being recklessly aggressive is not good for its longevity, right?
Because you could be recklessly aggressive with a wolf or something that could kill you.
And you run up on it, it just eats you.
But if you could bite it first, then you can give it rabies.
And then that thing's gonna bite a bunch of other things Especially it's big enough to kill you now can bite everything like there was a bunch of travelers that went across the country Like during the Lewis and Clark expedition a couple of them.
I believe got rabies.
I think more than one of them Got rabies see if we find that what's it's not that it kills everybody.
It's not now I know they have rabies shop, but let's say without the shot, is that, is that, certain death?
No.
Yeah, it's like, it's like 99 points, something percent certain death.
There's a few people that have survived now, they're figured out a way to put people into medically induced comas.
And the problem is, this is obviously coming from someone who doesn't know what the fuck they're talking about.
But what I understand is that it's a very, very old virus and a dangerous one.
[1:54:08] Because what it does is it works faster than your immune system can fight it off.
And so your immune system is fighting off rabies, but it can't win.
rabies just just, it just hijacks everything and makes its way through.
And by putting someone in a medically induced coma, they've found a way to reach equilibrium, where the resources of the person's body are not being required anymore and the immune system could fight off the rabies and with medication they were able to do it.
But they also can get you, if you just got bit.
Yeah, how much time do you have?
You have very little time, but really hours.
Oh, sure, you gotta get to the hospital.
Where could I go?
And they'll test and they'll, hopefully they'll, if you have the animal that killed you, they wanna test the animal, but they'll give you these shots that are apparently like brutally painful.
I think they go into your stomach.
Like, what did I ask you to Google right before that?
[1:55:02] This looks heavy.
The Lewis and Clark thing, but I didn't see that.
Some of them now digging up like maybe it's another traveler, but.
The Lewis and Clark thing, you didn't hear about a guy getting rabies?
Didn't see anything with that, really.
I might have been another one of them.
Dude's making it across the country stories, which I've read a lot of.
They're fucking terrifying those days were terrifying, but it's just like a virus like that that wants to be transmitted and then tricks the animal to being aggressive.
That's one of the weird things about viruses.
They're so sneaky and how they evolve.
Yeah.
Like these new COVID strains, they realize the best thing to do is to be like super transmissible, but not that bad.
Right.
That way you stay alive.
Right.
Right.
Right.
You don't kill the host, you know, and like there's so many instances in nature of things like tricking things and doing stuff, you know, like parasites that take over an animal's body, force it to do stuff.
Yeah.
[1:56:00] Bleak.
It's weird.
The weirdest one is we were talking about the other day, grasshoppers to get this aquatic worm.
There's aquatic worm climbs inside of it, hijacks his brain, and when it's ready to give birth, tricks the grasshopper into drowning itself so that it could be born.
So it just takes over the grasshopper's brain and then leaps into the fucking water so it can be born.
And so the grasshopper just drowns and it just, that's how the grasshopper's building.
That's wild.
Tricks it into commanding suicide.
What the evolution of that exactly is that?
Like how the hell the fuck?
Yeah.
And how is it so common?
It's so insanely common apparently.
That's wild.
Yeah.
That's fucking wild.
So grasshop Grasshoppers, they have a number one look off with this fucking thing.
I think they just have it.
I think a lot of them have it.
I think they've done studies on grasshoppers and I think they've done this on praying mantises too, but a lot of them have these worms in their bodies.
How often do you see Grasshopper all the time?
[1:57:01] You do?
Well, man.
I haven't seen one of the years.
Where are you living?
I live in New York Yeah, I know but you gotta go where grasshoppers live.
They don't come visit.
But where do they live?
Is it just grass?
I mean they live in open fields I encounter grass.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, but you have a camera in the neighborhood?
No That's what I've seen them in the past.
I haven't been in the past.
I guess there's probably a few.
I bet you I've seen less than 10 grasshoppers in front of my face in my life.
Wow.
Yeah.
That's crazy.
No, I've seen a lot of them.
To pray, man, this is, you mentioned that days, they, I don't like them at all.
right on the thing and I was a road trip.
My friends were going to DC and it was like in the middle of the night and I'm getting guests.
My friend, it was back in the days when he had like, hey, in health camcorders.
And we're like, oh, look at that thing.
And I'm like, dude, just like, I'm just like right here.
And he goes, take the camcorder.
I'm gonna get the guests.
I'm filming the thing and It looks like that fucking, what's that movie, that alien?
No, no, the movie with the- [1:58:05] Starship True Earth.
With the person standing in the corner, it was like that horror movie that like got a handheld camera.
Oh Blair Witch?
Blair Witch?
Because when we watched the footage, you just hear me go, yeah!
My voice got so high and then the camera just drops and it just goes to static.
But you see it lunge at me first.
Yeah, we're lucky there little huh.
Why do they rip?
What is that about the ripping of the head off?
What do you mean?
The pre-emptus, the female rips the male's head off after they have sex.
Well, she's just a bitch.
Is that it?
That's a lot of it.
A lot of it in the insect community.
Is that true, right?
Yeah, one of the worst ones is ants.
male and the females will take the male and cut all of his legs off and just drag them to the colony.
It's got his legs off.
It's fun when this is like a history of rabies and I got to this part of the hair of the dog.
What is that?
And work your way back to get this.
How they used to treat rabies before they understood what the fuck it was.
Oh, is that what that reference is from here?
[1:59:01] It was recommended to salt and eat the flesh of the offending dog.
Oh my god.
Another strategy included drowning a puppy of the same sex as the dog who had bitten the person and having a human victim Eat the liver raw.
Wait, what?
I lost what we're talking about.
Maybe is rabies how to get rid of it because they had no idea.
They knew that it was coming from K9s They kind of got that so then you locate a puppy and just kill it.
What?
No, what year was this Jamie?
They knew that it was coming from K9s.
They kind of got that.
So then you locate a puppy and just kill it?
What?
What year was this, Jamie?
This, it doesn't say because it says we're the best.
1982.
Yeah.
We're in the middle of like Romans, the Greeks.
Wow.
I think that's the best.
I wonder if the dog thing worked.
Like if you get some of the rabies virus through cooked meat.
Burning hair picked from the tail of the dog and inserting the ashes into the wound.
What?
Whoa!
This treatment lives on today in a name and spirit with the hair of the dog.
Whoa!
Hangover cures, which calls for alleviating blood and alcohol and due symptoms with more alcohol consumption.
[2:00:00] Well, aren't we?
Shit, that's what the hair of the dog comes from.
That's wild.
That's what the hair of the dog comes from that's wild.
That's crazy He's like You get bit do me a favor you gotta just bite that thing eat it put some salt on the fataste But you gotta get in here you gotta salt up the meat.
Who do you think you want to have salt on you like it would you know It's like but it's probably how they preserve it or something maybe I mean maybe they thought like salt is gonna kill salt it I mean that's how they preserved stuff yeah back then they'd cover meat with salt they'd cover everything like they had wars over salt like salt was a little like really important and now they get away for free yeah imagine being someone from the salt war days it's's all like the most.
Yeah, and going into a restaurant You got a whole You fucking scene.
Well, you just twist it whenever you want.
Yeah, who the fuck is salt [2:01:00] Can imagine how they would freak out and trip them to salt bay like what Especially to get the steak cup in in gold like you fucking asshole.
I love I've sold K get salt salt Salt Bay gets videos.
Ah, let me villageers.
I had a slaughter to get that much gold.
Yeah, fuckers wrong with you animal That's it.
They lost the thread on how they got it this guy wrote a book early 19th century on causes of rabies.
Ooh, this is an interesting one when you get to like the fourth cause.
It says what the Bite of a Wrapped Animal was named first.
It was picked, it was quickly followed up by a cold night air eating beach nuts, a fall, and the involuntary association of ideas.
Can I have some more of the weed that we were smoking just because I need to understand that?
Yeah, yeah.
I don't know what that means.
This guy was smart and bright for his times, but it's like just proof that they didn't know what rabies was.
Thank you.
What does that mean?
So you don't know what it means either?
In voluntary association of ideas can cause rabies?
To give this guy credit, he is the, I think, one of the first people to accurately describe it as a disease of the nervous system, as opposed to bloodborne.
[2:02:09] What do you think that means?
An involuntary association of ideas.
What does that mean?
Isn't that just life?
Involuntary association.
Like someone can get some wild ideas in your head and those can cause rabies.
Is that what it means?
No, it's taking rabies and see if anything comes up.
Did you want me to do this?
That's right.
That seems so ridiculous.
It seems so ridiculous.
I didn't really understand what the sentence meant.
What does that mean?
Clinical features of rabies patients with abnormal sexual behaviors as the presenting manifestations abnormal sexual so the rabies wants to be transmitted sexually.
Yeah, what does abnormal sexual behavior mean?
32 year old man with frequent ejaculation as the initial symptom of rabies was first reported.
[2:03:01] Wow, I guess that's a fucking catch.
Stop, wow, stop.
I know a lot of guys with rabies, then.
Then a literature review was conducted using databases, including CNKI, Sinomed, VIP, Wangfang, Data, Science, Direct, ProQuest, Ovid, and PubMed in addition to our case.
54 other rabies cases with abnormal sexual behaviors are the presenting manifestations Have been reported since 1970 among 55 cases 51 were male, DERR, and three were female Unknown gender for one case.
Oh God Even back then with ages ranging from six to 71 years.
Wow.
All cases were reported in developing countries.
46 in China, dog bites were the major source of infection, and extremities were the main exposure sites.
Wow.
That's crazy.
83%, 83.6% cases had abnormal sexual behaviors as the initial symptoms.
[2:04:01] The major presenting manifestations were, what does that word, pre-apism?
Was that word, pre-apism?
Was that mean, pre-apism?
Am I reading this right?
You get bit by a dog in China and you just thought it just started.
I'm starting it.
It's common.
There you go.
Rare condition, a prolonged erection of the penis, that's right.
The full or partial erection continues hours behind.
It is caused by sexual stimulation.
So that's what this is.
This is like, there's so wild and randy that they have a constant heart on and ejaculation in males and hypersexuality and females.
All cases were clinically diagnosed based on medical history and clinical manifestations, given no standardized post-exposure prophylaxis.
All cases died With the survival time between one and 15 days.
Yeah, most people who get rabies die Do you think that that just had rabies in it?
Like a you can let's hope make story more fun.
All right.
Let me take out the rabie part of it Right, just you catch that you get something where you have that disease [2:05:01] You got the heart on you can't get rid of you just keep ejaculating ejaculating is fun where you have that disease.
You have the heart on you can't get rid of you, just keep ejaculating.
Ejectulating is fun.
How long before it's not, is it like in 20 minutes, you don't like it anymore?
A couple of days, like if you're just constantly feeling the feeling of ejaculation, is it like can you perform your regular tasks?
It's another level of health, just like that fucking head getting sewn back on the body.
It's hell, right?
This is your, this is constantly hard and like in 20 minutes.
20 minutes is so, yeah.
You're exhausted and you just keep coming.
You like can't stop me.
21 minutes, I can't take this anymore.
Yeah, imagine like never not being horny.
That would be hell.
What is this guy?
He's got it?
He has 100 orgasms a day.
Oh Okay, well there you go.
Yeah, and zero friends I was like he was having a blast faking it.
He's got rabies.
He's faking it He's not nobody comes that hard after 199 There's a hundred orgasms day.
That's a hundredth one.
He's [2:06:02] No way if you've ever gizzed more than three times in a day, the third one is dust.
The third one is just a promise of future gizz.
So that's 97 blanks.
All right, actually, yeah.
Yeah, that's crazy.
Yeah.
That this person came out as transgender and suffers from persistent, general arousal syndrome.
Is that the thing?
Mm.
And what's, is there a cure?
Yeah, but I mean prove it, bitch.
You got your pants on.
That's an H on not from there from being honest.
Yeah, that's an H on not from there.
I want you to really show us, we're just gonna give you and keep you in an aquarium.
And really show us that you're always hard and this isn't just an act for attention.
Yeah.
You might be kooky.
You always gotta throw that in, but anytime you add some gender thing into any kind of possibility of someone being kooky, everybody, oh, I can't do that.
It's genders and vans.
You surfs it.
Genders just like, whoo, wipes the sweet clean.
Yeah.
What a time.
What a time, Salvador.
[2:07:00] What a time.
I can't imagine that.
So let's say he does have it.
What is his life for real?
It just nuttin' all time, constant nuttin'.
But he's had enough time to call the news.
I'm just, come watch me come.
Yeah, he's a freak, guys a freak.
But it's just my 30th or time with the day.
Oh, I mean, you have to document these things if you're a journalist otherwise what are you doing right why are you there?
But so he can he not work can he not be in a relationship?
Can you not work any money?
What did you take money from the government?
I can't stop coming home coming out.
I'm coming out.
Does he go to Easter with the family like what is he oh my god?
It's really he's really sitting there just orgasmic is that real?
Why was last time you bet over like like that when you came for the 80th time of the day?
It's just no dehydrated.
Yeah, kids fun.
I mean while he's losing weight like a pro wrestler.
Space was purple.
That's gotta be.
The old things not that pressure.
You're spending too much time on this.
Yes.
I think he's full of shit.
I'm just guessing.
I mean, look, if you really does suffer from that, you gotta imagine, like, imagine a suffer from it, no one believes you.
[2:08:07] You're right, I have to take it back and I apologize.
Cause a match, because you gotta imagine some people are definitely hornier than other people.
Some people are actually asexual, they're like, you can keep it.
I don't want it, K-Bit.
Back to our rabies case, it says that this happened to someone up to 40 or 50 times a day by the fourth day.
Oh my god.
32 year old Chinese men began to have frequent ejaculations.
How are they coming out, buddy?
They just shoot now, are you touching your dick?
Like what does that mean?
Frequent ejaculation sound like you're passing the buck.
Do you ever help one along?
We're hit all so loud.
He's being off with all hands free.
He walks fucking zoom monkey.
He's like 45 or hands free, five were him.
The wildest is the chimps at the zoo, just jacking off in front of the real estate.
He's scared.
He's just figured by any touch.
Any touch.
A-ya-ya-ya!
Any touch.
When frequent ejaculations increased to 40 to 50 times [2:09:00] on the morning of day four, the patient went to a local clinic 50 times a day this dude was not He's like maybe I need to get this look that Traditional Chinese medicine for the treatment of imbalance of Yin and Yang you're telling me Right However a symptomatic treatment to rebalance the Yin and Yang had no effect crazy However, a symptomatic treatment to rebalance the Yin and Yang had no effect, crazy.
In the same afternoon, he was sent to the community hospital Beijing with the following symptoms, headache, dizziness, nausea, malaise, fever of 39 degrees Celsius, irritability, tacky phrasia, speech difficulty, hyper-vacillation, hyper-salvation.
He was subsequently transferred to a territory, was that that word tertiary tertiary hospital third hospital?
Sorry in Beijing for further diagnosis and treatment but the etiology remained unidentified at around 10 pm a day four patient was sent to infectious disease department of P.
King University [2:10:00] Third Hospital and there's transferred to emergency department due to tacky cardio and University Third Hospital and there's transfer to emergency department due to tachycardia and dysphemia.
His complaints included high penis sensitivity, painful erections and ejaculations 40 times a day triggered by any touch or ejaculations without erection and release of the semen as well as headaches, nausea, chest conjection and fever.
There's no significant improvement after fluid infusion, symptomatic treatment, other support therapies.
No, this is how we're all gonna die, sounds.
This is what's gonna happen.
Someone's gonna hear about this and go, okay, so what you're saying is a little rabies is really good.
What we need is an inert form of raises.
What we need is a rabies vaccine that gives you just constant rock hard boners for guys who like to party.
You know, when I went blue shoes not enough.
Yeah, when you just want to be a different thing than a person.
And you also don't want rabies.
Well, we've got the imaginative like every guy starts doing it.
[2:11:00] Just like how many women have fake boobs now?
Quite a few.
What if like most guys?
It'll be like baseball.
You got everyone's got to do it and if you want to compete.
You got to get the rabie shot.
Did you get your rabie shot?
You're 16.
You can get a rabie shot at 16.
Doleless and Elz Robert Kennedy Jr.
He posted, this is some fucking side effects.
Get your rabie shot.
Get your fucking dick You imagine if like something switched.
What can I do it?
Well, if you think of animals, so like tigers.
Tigers can breed 50 times a day.
When a female tiger's and the tiger just keeps fucking.
They fuck to the...
Is that what?
Literally, is that where easy tiger comes from?
I don't know what that term is.
Either easy tiger.
Oh, no.
No, no.
We just find out that they're here on the dogs.
You might be right, maybe.
But that's for a short period of time when the females in season.
If she's not an estrus, he won't do that.
But if a person has sex for fun, like if a person could be as horny as a tiger all the time, what a terrifying world we would live in.
Someone's working on that.
[2:12:01] That's what I'm worried about.
If someone just said, look, there's certain medications that get created that are essentially performance enhancing medications that you can prescribe to people for stuff.
You know, like when they first, I think this is true, ProVigil.
I think the initial idea behind, check and see if this is true.
I think the initial idea behind it was using it as a performance enhancing substance, but then they couldn't do that because you can't just prescribe something to help people, you have to have a sickness.
And so they went with, I think it was insomnia.
No, not insomnia.
What's the other one?
We just pass out.
When you faint, what's that one, Jamie?
We just narcolepsy.
Narcolepsy, yeah.
So I think they used it for narcolepsy.
And if you ever taken ProVigil or NewVigil, it's a weird chemical.
And I think Tim Ferris, when he wrote one of his books, he decided to not put it in there, [2:13:01] because he was worried that people would just eat it like candy if they knew how effective it was.
Really?
Yeah.
And he and a lot of people were of the opinion that there's no such things as a biological free lunch.
There's no such thing as one thing that turns on that much of your brain that's probably not doing something that we don't know about yet, you know.
You could be like fucking something up long term like who knows.
Let's get some studies done.
But I've taken it before on trips.
Like if I had to go somewhere, like say if I had to draw, like if I did a gig in San Diego and I had to drive back home to LA, the gig's done at like midnight, you know, we grab our shit, we throw it in the car, and it's two hours of driving.
And if you're fucking tired at like one in the sleep, not happening.
But not speedy, that's what's weird.
Yeah, no, no, it doesn't increase your heart rate.
It doesn't make you like a blabber mouth, you can't shut the fuck up, it's not like that.
It's like a weird sort of like, like the idea of being sleepy just gets erased.
Is it crash?
[2:14:01] Is it crash?
That's the problem, that's why I think Tim Ferris was worried about putting in the book.
It doesn't seem to have much of a crash.
Really?
I didn't feel it.
I mean, everybody's different.
Did you sleep when you get home?
Yeah, I slept.
You also slept?
Yeah.
I went to bed when I got home, which is like two-ish, two I think I was like, maybe a half an hour later I was asleep.
Wow.
Yeah, it didn't stop me from sleeping, but it stopped me from falling asleep at the wheel or being drowsy at the wheel.
You know those moments where the fucking road just starts hypnotizing you, the white lines, and you're just like, oh no.
And you're literally like, what am I gonna do?
Like, are we gonna pull over on my, I'm gonna push through this.
It happens a lot for us, I'm driving a lot on the road all the time.
My manager, Jeff, he gave me the best advice.
It's the best advice.
I do it every time I know I have to drive it, I'm tired.
You get ice cold water and a rag, like a bath, like a, like washcloth.
Sure.
That's the best.
If you have ice in the washcloth, that's the best and a little bit of water and put it Just get a little tougher worth thing of ice and water in a washcloth and when you feel tired [2:15:10] You just take that washcloth you rub your face real quick.
It goes away really?
goes away and then five minutes later you might need it again But you got it right there you rub it in your face goes away What happens if you don't like it gets you need the ice is the fact there is not the cold water.
Yeah the cold water wakes your face right up and it works.
It just stimulates.
It does whatever it has to do just to snap you out of this cycle of droning and just people fall I can't I want to high school with fell asleep behind the wheel died.
It happens.
Me too.
Actually.
My friend Tommy had an accident where he blacked out on the wheel and crashed his car.
Yeah, I think about this Often now because my parents they live in a different state and it's like it was only like 75 minutes away But they come to visit me and then when they can't we both visit you and then they go home and I'm like I'm just getting Yeah, recently my mom told me she's like I [2:16:10] I don't want it.
I had to get a Coca-Cola something because I get sometimes I start to fall asleep and I'm like, what?
I'm like, don't, don't, don't make the drive.
Yeah, don't be.
She's like, no, be all right.
I'm like, but you don't know that you will.
Like I couldn't believe she told me that like she sometimes like does a little it's like mom.
Jesus.
You know, so she's that bitch on the pilot.
She's like 70, like four.
She asked me for a mountain bike.
Fits Christmas.
So here does it enhances cognition too.
The drug metaphenol was developed to treat narcolepsy, kind of, excessive sleeping, but it's widely used off license as a smart drug to promote cognitive enhancement, where quality such as alertness and concentration are desired to assist someone with, for example, exam preparation, I bet they give that shit to fighter pilots too.
Do you imagine?
I, you need a laser, I mean, the focus that's required is like, like, like, humanly.
They don't, I don't think they think about laws.
Like, whatever the fuck is the best thing for them.
[2:17:03] Yeah.
Give them that.
What are we stupid?
Someone's written down on paper, you can't give him that.
Give him with a fuck he wants.
He's flying, oh god, damn, fighter jet.
You want those dude?
Tune the fuck in.
You don't want him sober.
You want him on whatever, adderol, whatever, whatever the fuck in mixture is.
That stuff and adderall together just like just fucking load them up.
Discipline.
Pumble them up.
Yeah, discipline fighter jet pilot with a little bit of Adderall, a little bit of that stuff, just locked and fucking loaded.
Just in there.
You don't want any distractions.
You want a hyper focus.
It's your ass.
What do you think of a fighter pilot's like regimen?
Do you think they keep a certain regimen or something?
They're very fit.
At least the blue angels are.
I flew with the blue angels once.
And the dude that flew with me was jacked.
He was fucking you.
And he was telling me that you really need to be physically strong to over, because they don't wear a G suit.
They just use this method called hooking to like, go like this hooch hooch hooch so as the G's are hitting you you're forcing blood into your brain.
[2:18:08] It's dangerous.
Yeah and you you have to be strong to do it so like you go where the blue angels are they have weights all over the fucking place.
These guys are always working out.
But I'm thinking cognitive.
What about cognitive?
Oh you have to be a fucking genius.
But they have to have a routine though where they they keep themselves sharp right?
I mean like that's part of probably their daily lifestyle.
I'm sure there's constant assessments.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm sure I'm sure there's probably like a lot of drug testing.
There's probably making sure you're getting sleep.
I mean, they're putting you at the helm of something that caught one of those things cost like what is a what is an F a 18 cost?
Yeah.
let's take a guess.
Is it a hundred million dollars?
I would have, I would have, I would have, what are one of those things cost?
300 million?
What is like our top?
But that's it that's fully loaded.
What's our top of the food chain jet right now?
Like what's the best jet the Americans have?
Cause the one I flew in I believe was an F.A.
18 with the blue angels.
It was insane.
Yeah, it's insane.
They wanted to put us in one of those.
I didn't do it.
It's going through the fucking canyon.
He's like, you're like, you [2:19:10] know, like, we're gonna couple hundred feet off the ground.
Yeah, I did throw up.
We put the guy in the show on one and he went and he went out and he had all the stuff and they said, this is what's gonna happen.
You're probably to get nauseous and throw up and black out.
And that's exactly what happened.
And we had all the cameras in it.
And when he got back, we couldn't see it.
Like we couldn't see him.
So he just took off of the thing and there was cameras in there.
And then when he came back, we were going to just be like, how to go?
Because we, and he came back, he got a thing open.
He looked like absolutely horrified, ill, sick, like, trump traumatic.
He threw up, he passed out, he woke up, he threw up, he passed out, he came out, he was crying, and he goes, that wasn't, because the guy was just like, merciful with him.
Oh, boy.
And he was like, it's not funny.
I'm not, we shouldn't have been I ain't even gonna put out an air.
Did they teach him how to, like, keep his consciousness?
to do the hooking thing.
Yeah, he got a little, he got the briefing, you know?
I got it through the heart part.
[2:20:06] And then I got cocky and another part and I didn't do it quick enough and I blacked out.
The part that I blacked out in was way less G's.
The part that I didn't black out was like seven G's, which was crazy.
And then I think the one I blacked out was like four or four and a half, I blacked out.
I just did it in a hooking time.
I just wasn't sure if I should be doing it now, like when to do it.
And the pilot, when you hear the pilot hooking, that's what's really scary.
I hear him going, hoot hoot.
I'm like, oh, shit, he's blackin' out too.
Like he's experiencing, when I'm experiencing.
Those fucking dudes.
Those dudes are American.
Like if you want the rest of the world to be worried about America, you want to be worried about pilot pilot guys.
Real American men.
What did you see?
They need a fucking pilot to cut, shit.
What did you see in there, though?
What did I see?
What do you mean?
Like you're sitting in the jet, right?
I mean, behind him.
So I'm seated.
Can you see?
[2:21:06] Oh, yeah, I can see everything.
Oh, you could.
Oh, yeah, this fucking glass around you, man.
You see it.
No, no, see it up, right?
But so I'm just thinking, you're just looking into it.
Do you have any sense of scale?
Are you looking, you don't see anything?
You're just seeing blue Like we did a flip where you do the thing all the way around we did that so but he's but he's also going through the canyons at low Out to oh like in top gun too.
Oh, yeah.
Oh shit.
No way you did that.
Oh, we did that.
Yeah You was that just let's do it or did you have to get yourself there to get in that?
I mean I said whatever he wants to do.
I'm gonna do that's the thing they do yeah They take you on this run.
They like to have a route.
They take you.
I don't trust it.
Well, these are the crazy ones when they fly next to each other like fuck all that.
Yeah, fuck all that in the canyon.
My friend Mark Smith does that.
He did that with the Thunderbirds.
He's a referee for the UFC.
[2:22:00] You have to be an exceptional human being to be able to pilot one of those things.
I mean, you have to be on your fucking peas and cues.
Yeah, like superhuman basically.
Yeah, yeah.
What was that jet you were showing us that just lifts up off the ground?
The F-35.
That's hard.
Top of the food chain.
No, at least that could be null above.
Within 10% of the right guess.
109 million per aircraft.
Show a video of that thing.
That thing is nuts, man.
This thing is nuts.
Watch how this motherfucker takes off.
First of all, it looks badass.
You see that thing coming at you?
You're like, oh, we should've signed a treaty.
That fucking look how it takes off.
Look how it points down at the ground.
Look at its asshole.
a tux.
They're gonna take a shit on you right now.
It asshole tux down on the ground.
Oh, that's sick.
Look at that, that's insane, dude.
That is literally insane.
Yeah.
The asshole tux at the ground, and it just lifts up in the sky.
This looks fake.
This is real.
That looks like like the lunar orbiter getting pulled from the surface of the moon by special effects.
That's wild.
Look at that thing.
Oh, and that's how it lands as well, bro.
[2:23:06] Are you fucking kidding me?
That's insane.
That's the thing.
That's what it was 10 years ago.
So this is not.
Oh, yeah.
Now it goes like the speed of light.
That's invisible.
The old model.
Yeah, that's so funny.
That's like an iPhone one today, what the fuck is that?
Right?
Like 10 years ago in Jets, we're all the money.
That thing has a cigarette lighter in any academy?
With all the money that these dudes have to make these fucking things?
I mean, I guess they're just limited by physics, right?
They're just limited by propulsion systems and the metal and the G-force and the pilot being able to stay conscious.
Take the pilot out, we can do better shit.
100%.
They're addicted to that.
They're addicted to this, right?
I would imagine you would be addicted to it.
I mean, what kind of car do you drive?
BMW SUV.
They're nice.
[2:24:00] That's a nice car.
Don't you enjoy driving it?
Yeah, I do.
It's enjoyable, right?
If you're listening to BMW, I like to get in a car and I like to go, oh, it feels good to drive.
It's enjoyable.
Imagine flying the fucking thing.
You ever been on a racetrack?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I went to the Indy 500.
Bank turn.
Look at this fucking turn.
That is so insane.
It's just so insane that these things can do this.
Look at how it just like hovers.
Like that's a nutty craft.
That thing's nuts.
Yeah, it's like, it's so agile.
It looks like a bird.
I wonder how long it stays in the sky though.
I bet it ain't long.
I mean, where's all the gas?
That must be eaten gas, you know?
Like I have a ram truck DRX gets like nine miles of the guy.
Imagine what that gets.
Yeah, really?
Yeah, yeah.
Imagine what that gets.
I mean, how, I mean, you just feel nothing.
It's probably got a 25 gallon giant cast tank.
Giant cast tank.
That's so much.
How much of a fill up?
I don't know.
You don't get to eat on that thing, not right?
You get to eat.
Yeah.
You have a reserve tank, right?
No.
I don't.
[2:25:05] Oh, my dad had a reserve tank in his pickup.
Yeah.
A whole second tank.
Oh, that's a dude worried about the future.
No, this is your trapper.
That was a dude that got a lease at the right day.
Oh, that's it.
Yeah, well they do that is probably the most popular pickup truck in the world.
I think it is probably next to the Toyota's Toyota Tacoma might be number one.
Like what's the most popular pickup truck in the world?
It's either an F-150 or it's a Tacoma.
I think my head, it's an F-150 is a name I always, always, always have heard you can't go wrong with it.
Yeah.
They've been making those things just like Porsche 911s.
They've been making that same truck from the beginning of time.
Yeah.
Just making it better every year.
Ford F-150s of this shit.
They're so durable.
My dad had him even growing up.
Like we had him.
They're fucking great.
Is that the number one?
48 years in a row.
That's it.
That's it.
Ford F series most popular truck best selling truck in the US.
It's been that way for nearly half a century and they fucking deserve it.
[2:26:08] They're amazing trucks.
And now that you say it, I think they say that in the commercial all the time.
It's like, I just have one.
I just have a Raptor.
The most recent version, the six cylinder one.
It was fucking great.
Yeah.
Great truck man.
32 inch television.
No, no flat screen.
That's the only thing that sucked.
Yeah.
I Feel like if you're in that plane you need a 60-inch flat screen.
Yeah, we need to reorganize my room I want to be in a theater.
I'm in the sky on a spaceship.
I don't know what the bullshit asked 30 32 inches is like that big It should look like cribs.
That's not that big.
Yeah 32 inches is not big.
That's like the first flat screen.
Do you think I don't know how to count numbers?
32's not big.
What is that?
20,000 pounds of fuel.
20,000 pounds of internal fuel has a range of greater than 1,200 Newton meters.
I don't know.
It was about a thousand miles.
It says it can fly for like two hours without needing [2:27:01] refueling.
Two hours.
But they can refuel it in the air so they can stay up forever, essentially.
The point is like when they're on the gas though, I bet it really fucking burns fuel.
My point is my truck.
My truck when I'm on the gas.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
It burns fuel.
It's a little gauge on the TRX that shows you if you're running out of gas.
Yeah, it shows you what like your gas mileage as you leave it on just cry Balance an hour when using the afterburner.
I want to see a mid flight refueling is that I remember on Yeah, do you play like original intent?
No top gun on original intent?
You had to refuel is one of the things I'd do in between the to refuel in the air and I was like they really do do that That's insane.
It's insane.
That's insane.
Again, like those level of human beings that can pilot those things and keep the shit together like this, fly in two jets right over each other like that.
Like what, entrusting the guy in the bottom to stay still.
Like, shut the fuck up man, this is nuts.
And you got gasoline!
[2:28:01] You're pumping gasoline with your robot dick into the vagina of this thing.
Look at it.
Clamps up.
That's nuts, dude.
See how it like clamped in place?
Because if it doesn't clamp, then you got gas brain all over your fucking jet engines and are hot as shit.
I'm more impressed with the thing that has the gas in it actually.
Yeah, the dick.
That was made second, you know?
Like that's newer technology than the jet itself.
It's all nuts, dude.
I mean, just the fact that they have this thing as nuts.
Look at it.
And it's really kind of weird that it takes war for us to make something that's that cool.
Right.
Like that amazing to look, like if you're a guy, like what a guy, what do guys love?
Fast cars, we love spaceships, rocket ships.
I know a lot of girls too too.
Don't get me wrong, but men generally design these things.
The ultimate is that.
You only get that if you go to war.
You got to kill people to get that.
The best of the best of the best minds and the best of the best of the best people that [2:29:04] can pilot that thing Ultra for my war like if Bayes house goes out.
I mean Bayes house is like 200 billion dollars because I want a fucking fighter jet Man if you sit around with a super hot girlfriend with a shirt on button to the neighbor So you know what I want?
I want a fucking fighter jet.
He can't even have a fighter jet.
That's bullshit You can have the biggest yacht in the world.
You can have the most beautiful wife.
You can have the fleet of Rolls Royces.
No fighter jet.
Fighter jet is only for people who get to kill people.
Yeah, that's good.
You can have a gun.
We can let you have a gun.
You can have a rifle.
You can have a shotgun.
If you want a short barrel shotgun you gotta get a tax damp and get a go through the government but if you want a pistol you know you can get a pistol but no no fighter jet not a fighter jet you can have a tanky there you can buy one shut the fuck up well they go that's a little bullshit that's only 79 grand you know why it's only seven grand because it's only gonna last for one flight not a real plane [2:30:02] I'm like I didn't have a you You buy them?
Yeah.
Oh my God.
That's a jet.
Now, million dollars.
But you're not allowed to buy that new one.
What?
Well, right?
If you talked to Lockheed and you have enough money.
Do you think they would sell you one of those jets?
Do you think I'm putting this in Jeff Bezos' zero right now?
with the government to not sell them the same stuff that they're selling the government, but they might be able to make you a slightly different.
So these are like 1990 ones.
Scroll up a little bit.
That one was like above that.
1992.
But I think that's a propeller.
Think of the market that you're selling to.
Like look at that one.
Those are good jet.
They're Illinois.
But no one's buying that unless they're a pilot right?
I mean, or how small is a demographic that could possibly buy?
I believe you could buy these.
Now they have to be unarmed right?
They have to take well helicopter stuff right?
Oh my god you buy a black one.
How much is really?
How much is the buy car?
It's a premium listing call for price.
They don't list it.
[2:31:03] Translate this into rubles.
They don't list it like listen to the price they're gonna shock me.
Yeah.
It's 110 grand.
Hello, I am calling from Illinois.
I seek to buy on the open up.
I want to know for sure how much for just my children love black walk down.
I thought the fun thing.
Buy a black arc.
Okay, you buy a 92 jet for $3 million, $3,200 in Redondo Beach, California.
Look, it's got dope camo on it too.
Like if you get a fight smurf's, you can blend in with them.
How inferior do you think that model is to a current model?
That would have to be crazy inferior, but still insanely cool.
But do you think you actually get those missiles?
No.
I want a missile.
Oh, doubt it.
What was that?
I'll talk to my manager.
I'll talk to my manager.
Did you see that, the Netflix thing?
It was Project Odessa, right?
Where this fucking dude was a drug runner, and he bought a sub from the Russians, [2:32:01] and they asked him if he wanted to buy nuclear missiles too.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
And this is like at the fall of the Soviet Union.
Right, right, right.
Did he?
I don't think he did.
No, it just was an Netflix.
Yes.
I watch a lot of stuff high and I think it rings a bell.
It rings a bell.
Yeah, operation of desks.
Operation of desks.
It's fucking amazing.
That's crazy.
That's the sub, they sold them a sub.
Wow, that's crazy.
That's crazy.
But the documentary's amazing, because it's all real, but it seems like a plot of like a guy Richie moves.
Yeah.
It's so nuts, it's so nuts.
A sub, that's even, I wonder, you know what?
I wonder if a sub, like, can almost go on order.
Do you, what level of pilot do you have to be to drive a sub, you think?
It's a good question.
It's probably really hard because you have to do all by instrumentation, right?
Because like, what do you, you imagine how terrifying must be if you're in a place that you know there's rocks under the water and you drive around with this tube compressed by a thousand feet of water.
Just hoping you don know bang into something.
Yeah, hoping you're all your fucking sensors work correctly.
Yeah [2:33:07] Down there I wouldn't get in one what the fuck dude But I mean like actually like actually piloting it.
I know that the reading instrumentation So that's a lot of stuff, but like I wonder what it's actually like to like is he just like oh I'm just back you know like I would imagine and that?
And now they must have so many, they probably were such a real, educated sensors, you know, the big theory about all this stuff is that we have sensors in the ocean and they're all over the place and that our government and our military set them up there and that they knew when that submarine with all those rich people clopped and imploded, they knew that when that happened, they knew exactly when that happened.
So all that shit about still looking for the people, it was all bullshit.
They knew those people were dead.
But then so then they released the fact that they had recorded this explosion that happened in the same area.
This failed each other.
But the real conspiracy is they don't think that they have those things under the water to detect submarines [2:34:07] That they have those things under the water for UFOs and that a lot of the The activity that we're seeing with all this UFO UAP stuff as things that are coming in and out of the water That's why they're always near the water.
I haven't heard that.
Yeah, that's the wildest one You know like what the governments underwater one.
You know, like what the government's underwaters searching?
They have a like a mansion.
There's a top secret program that's setting up these underwater detection systems and listening systems and video taping things because things are going in and out of the ocean.
I see you have to figure out like where's their insertion point where can we set up and Then just like setting up these monitoring stations try to figure out what the fuck is going on down there There's a place we can't even go and there's a whole little village in these motherfuckers [2:35:02] Space ships shooting out of the bottom of the ocean and half into the sky.
I have enough Problems on my mind already.
I don't need this one.
I mean, if they wanted to hide and play inside, that's the place to do it.
Hide right in the ocean.
Have you watched Sugar?
What sugar?
It's a new show called Farrell on Apple TV.
Oh, I saw the preview of that the other day is good.
Yeah, I've been watching it.
And it's like, I didn't know where it was going.
And then it takes a real sharp turn.
And what you kind of thought you were watching, you realized that maybe you weren't.
It's like, I can give it away.
But yeah, I was gonna say, if you get it, I'd say, you're already fucked it up.
Now I'm gonna be looking for that sharp turn.
You'll never see it though.
So don't worry.
Okay, good.
Yeah, don't even I was in what we talking like what we talk about Don sir rabies you think that alien that they feel that alien matter They cop to like a few months back is is real because back then I thought it was now people saying it's bullshit What do you mean when they felt they they that alien like they showed the alien that they found?
[2:36:01] Oh, what is this when did I miss this one?
one the government came out and said that they we they literally made a statement saying we have alien matter but like matter like actually what crush said about biologics i think is what you know you're talking about the whistleblower who got in front of was it congress yeah yeah see those things are interesting because it's all just talk until they could show you something but they showed something uh oh didn't they know there's no bodies they have something around the same time than that story hit of the down on the tunnel excuse me not only the vagus yeah the vagus story but like the mex mummy that they had, that was like that little tiny thing.
Yeah, but that was bullshit.
I know, but I'm saying they don't like it.
Yeah.
Is the Vegas story the backyard with the kid calls me so I'm staring at something that he gets frozen like in his place?
Yeah, and there's like some image in the backyard that you can see not it's fake, run through AI rather.
And they don't think it's fake, but it doesn't mean that it's not like a dude in a costume or something.
[2:37:08] You're just hanging out your backyard in the aliens, just happen to land there real quick and take off.
That one hit me.
I was following up for days and they didn't like follow up with them.
Well, the family's probably undocumented because it seems like some of them at least are probably not documented.
They weren't speaking English, right?
Wasn't that the case?
No, I mean the kid was because he called 911.
They play the call.
Am I thinking of the same one?
Yeah.
Thank you.
But was there a bunch of people that were speaking Spanish?
Cops that are different one.
Maybe they don't want the attention because then people were showing up at their house.
Maybe they really legitimately did see it and they got freaked out.
Who fucking knows, man?
But if individual things that happened like that, if it did happen, nobody would fucking believe you, just like a ghost story.
If you went out to let your dog out, you're like, come on buddy, gotta take a leak.
You take him outside, and you stare an eye to eye [2:38:01] with this four foot tall creature with giant black eyes and it's standing in front of this like transparent glowing orb that it just stepped out of and you're sitting there going what the fuck yeah and you're now crazy and then it gets back into that thing and shoo yeah and disappears into the cosmos and you're like what the fuck man yeah and who do you even tell if you you tell me, I'll go, okay.
What does that stuff you said you were taking?
Yeah.
How much do you take?
That's what it is.
That's what it was.
What was yesterday like?
That person would be deemed crazy.
Stressed out.
Proud with your lady.
What's going on?
Yeah.
You're seeing things.
But a thing that's just uncommon, but happens.
That's got to be that would be the wildest one of all of all the possibilities of all the things that it could be the wildest one would it it would be.
This is an actual life form that occasionally visits.
Yeah.
I saw something I didn't know what it was once I was driving at night on the highway.
Was it a vagina?
You got me.
What was it?
Where were you?
[2:39:11] I don't know.
I was like driving home from a show, but I wasn't far from home.
Maybe less than two hours away.
I know that.
I saw the sky, I mean, a flat, not didn't light up, like a flesh of light that lit up the sky, but it came from like as far as my eyes could think, believe that the distance of my eyes could see.
It was, it came like, it was really far away.
I was like, what was that?
And then in like a fraction of a second later, it flashed again and it was half the distance.
And then one more time, like, I mean, one second later, flash, and the flash was where I was, and then there was no more flashes after that.
Wow.
And my girlfriend was in the passenger seat but she was sleeping and I woke her right up after that.
I was actually was looking around at other cars even was gonna pull over and say, [2:40:00] did you just see what I just saw?
But nobody really stopped, I didn't stop either.
But I can't explain it.
It's how long it goes.
I would say maybe a little less than 10 years, seven, eight years ago, maybe.
Yeah, I can't explain it.
I know what it's not.
I know I wasn't seeing things.
It wasn't like, oh, there was a building or this light flash.
It was distinct.
It was something I hadn't seen before, like the way that the light came.
I think it's probably some kid on some planet somewhere with a drone, it's having a good old time.
Like a laser guy.
It's probably doing a reality TV show for true TV, an Alpha Centauri.
I mean, imagine, if like what we're seeing is just like kids' toys.
Enough people say, yeah, right?
Kids' toys.
Enough people say, yeah, right?
Kids' toys.
No one even cares about what the humans are doing, but kids do.
Sometimes kids will sit on a drone down here, check it out.
You know?
It's so possible.
It's so possible.
It's also possible the more time goes on, the more I look at those little grays, I'm like, why are we even assuming those things are alive?
Like we're the gray aliens.
Why are we even assuming those things aren't some [2:41:06] robot?
Like we're real close to making robots, like super duper close.
And why would you risk sending a person or a living thing across the galaxy at a fucking billion miles an hour when you guys just use a little robot people?
Really good now.
Like giant heads, they don't talk, they can't fuck.
And you get these little robot guys to go and collect sperm samples from people and fucking take them up into the spaceship and run experiments on them and then drop them back off.
Yeah.
Maybe they're all robots.
That could be true too.
Yeah, that could be the future of intelligence species.
They all become some sort of electronic thing.
Yeah, that could be, that's, that sounds terrible for us, but if you were being objective, you go, I could see how that, that could be possible.
I, uh, I get, if I start thinking about this stuff, like, you know, if I can't sleep or something, I start thinking about this stuff.
[2:42:01] I, I, I, I mean, I'm in the age right now where I'm having that full on existential thing happening.
Like, never happened before, but it's all the time now.
I'm just like, what is going on here?
Yeah, that's most people's lives.
That's how most people think.
Just like, it's weird.
Just wondering what the future will be and just be like, I can't, someone will be around to see it.
Someone in our lineage will be and just be like I can't someone be around to see it someone in our lineage will be around to see hopefully yeah or not Yeah, that's the thing eventually it's gonna be not the mean everyone wants to look at you know look at big picture But really look at big picture like this sun is gonna wipe us out We're not gonna make it we're gonna get to a certain point whether it's a billion years from now or whatever They think it's gonna be where the earth is no longer habitable.
Right.
That's just gonna happen.
So, when we're like, oh God, that's so far away.
Well, it's those 100 years, because you're not gonna make it to that either.
Right.
So, let's fucking, we got now.
We're in a good spot now.
We're in a good spot right now.
I'm really, I'm nervous about the AI.
[2:43:06] I really am.
And so I just feel like this could be the precipice of the next, like just the next, you know, what life becomes.
Not just the next thing, but who takes advantage of it and how?
Right.
It's like this newfound power.
It's gonna be so different than anything else you've ever experienced before and who who's in control of it And it's the second most feeling of unsafeless besides war It's been it's up there with war you know, it's like you feel Unsafe right now like I'm unsafe, but not on I feel unsafe like in my lifetime unsafe, you know I don't know.
Yeah, it's it's very different than anything that's ever happened before Because within a short amount of time, it's gonna be a real problem.
It's gonna be a real thing that's smarter than us.
We're not gonna be the smartest thing.
Now, if we just stop right now, pull the plug, who knows?
Maybe we'll be okay.
We might not be okay if this thing keeps going.
Or we might be, maybe I'm wrong.
[2:44:01] But it's like everyone says that.
Everyone says that.
But yeah, they still, I mean, they've been, I mean, they'll never stop.
Well, I think the problem is the Chinese government and the Russian government are not gonna stop.
And for us to stop right now would be very dangerous.
Right.
If they become the first, if China becomes the first to be able to utilize this incredible power and just do whatever the fuck they want, whenever the fuck they want, and then it gets better and better and better under the power of this thing.
That's not acceptable either.
But then the problem is it's attached to weapon systems.
And if it's attached to weapon systems, and all it has is like, it has a desired outcome that it's trying to achieve, right?
And this desired outcome.
Yeah, it's not thinking about morals or ethics or how many people are gonna die and how many innocent people are gonna, what's the most effective way to ensure victory?
And it's gonna just do that.
And that's gonna be horrendous.
[2:45:01] And if someone from another country decides to do that first, that could be a giant problem.
Real quick, because all it would take is dismantling our grid.
That's it.
All it take with that and we're fucked.
It's funny that there's no, because like them turning, everyone has, I know the theory of all the, it turns on us, even the people in positions that are racing to get this technology.
Yeah, it's a doggy dog world out there, man.
But it's like, yeah, that's it.
I mean, it's either, I guess, don't be the one to get it or just, you know, in a way, this thing that could destroy everything, I mean, it's for protection.
But if we don't keep doing it, we're unprotected.
It's basically the same argument that we have when we create the nuclear bomb.
Right.
Same argument, right?
We have to do it for the Nazis, too.
The Nazis get this first, we're all fucked.
Yeah, this is what I'm saying.
War, it's like a nuclear bomb.
Yeah.
It feels like a ticking time bomb, it really does.
I know.
I mean, for whatever, everything you read, and it's like, oh, about.
Any type of regulations and stuff.
I did a podcast the other day about it.
[2:46:07] I think part of the problem is they can't really be.
There's no way they can know everything about everything.
There's too many things going on in the world.
If you want to ask them about cobalt mining and the Congo and also ask them about overfishing in the ocean and also ask them about the negative side effects of oil spills and also act them, what's going on with pharmaceutical drugs and what's, and there's no way any congressperson, yeah, gun control.
There's no way.
There's no fucking way.
They're going to be in charge of all the end.
What are your thoughts on the border?
And also, what are your thoughts on, you know, what about seed oils?
Oh, it's just plug and holds.
Yeah,.
Yeah, there's no fucking way you can be really well read on all those subjects and be objective.
Yeah, so they can't keep up.
They don't know what the fuck is going on and it's happening in all these super nerds are out there coding and banging away at it.
And they're about to release chat GPT 5.0, [2:47:01] which is gonna be the craziest of all crazy ones.
That's of all the ones that have happened before like each one of them is more insane than one before and chat GPT4 is pretty fucking insane and then 4.0 is pretty fucking insane and when 5 comes out 4.0 talks to like a girl.
I have not interacted with it at all not one time So I don't really know I see people making images and stuff and, you know, I'll write a joke and then, you know, write me an email.
I've seen that weird shit where it's like, no, but I love you.
I saw like those stories that came out with like, it was, it felt ominous, you know, like what like changes, the emails or whatever.
But like I haven't, I haven't really gone past that because I'm like, you know, but it feels like you have to, it feels like you actually have to.
You were so off if you don't kind of get acclimated.
I kind of get forced to pay attention to it because of this show and because of my friends, like Duncan, who's like really, really into it.
Like Duncan uses AI all the time.
Like if he was hanging out with you, he would take your voice bunch of stuff for AI to say like really embarrassing things and then he would say [2:48:08] So why'd you send me this and then we'll just start playing?
Are you serious?
Yeah, yeah, that's it.
I mean, like they did it to Tony the other day.
That's hilarious That's that's but that's ridiculous someone someone I saw in a forum was someone sent me someone took my voice and Made me and and made it the Michael Jackson bad album.
So and they sent it out and it's it's my voice singing bad by Michael Jackson.
But good, but it's my voice and it sounds like me to me.
And I was like this is such a we are remember I was playing a dude in laundry I played I had played and I was like this is fucking nuts and that is gonna be a living thing Soon that's gonna be another cell that's gonna be another Bobby Lee that's gonna be whoever the fuck They want to make it you're gonna be able to make people That sound and look and behave exactly like that [2:49:02] We're gonna be able to bring Roddy danger field back from the dead and he's gonna go on tours or robot.
I'd see it.
I'd see it for sure.
Yeah.
I would.
I just want to see what it's like.
That'd be weird.
Imagine you brought Lenny Bruce back from the dead, but you didn't let him write new material and he just bombed.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha I'm like, this is the guy we don't know to see him.
And he's stuck in 1965.
He still thinks he's like, hey, dig.
Wow.
You know.
And he just gets like, hey.
He's getting arrested for those jokes that people nowadays, they just like, now it's nonsense.
That's my grandfather.
Yeah, it's so easy.
That's one of you.
Yeah, because in the context of like his time, what do you say in his revolutionary?
Like what is this guy saying?
But it's hard for us to recognize that wasn't that long ago, man.
Not even that whole way.
It was like 60, 70 years ago.
That guy was getting arrested for telling jokes and talking about certain things [2:50:03] on stage.
It's hard to imagine that the society's changed that much in such a short amount of time.
He said the 50s.
Well, he was around in the 60s too.
Like, when did he start getting arrested?
Is the good question.
I feel like it was, I remember, I remember, 60s I don't think so.
He wouldn't be still getting arrested then.
I think he died in the 60s.
I think he died of a heroin overdose.
Who's arrested the jazz workshop in San Francisco in 1961 for using sexually explicit language, although he was acquitted law enforcement agencies, put him under greater scrutiny, resulting in drug arrests in Philadelphia and Los Angeles.
So they just started going after him.
And he did do a lot of heroin, apparently.
I think that's also how he died.
I think he died from heroin.
And I think he died in the middle of the trials.
They were just constantly going after him.
Wow.
And the end it was really sad because there's some recordings of him on stage where he's [2:51:02] not even doing comedy.
He's just reading from his legal papers and talking about his case.
So people come see him and he would just like rant about his case.
It was like sad.
I have a bunch of it.
You always see his albums in like the thrift stores and stuff.
When you go to the record store, they use twins, they're always just a few bucks and there's so many of them.
Yeah.
I always swip everywhere on the road if there's a record so I'll swipe any comedy albums I can get.
Whatever.
Old, not this that.
And they're always just like, there's the same ones you see that are like readily available all the time.
Like they know no matter where you are.
As I was like 10, you know, like rapping Rodneys.
You know what I mean?
You know, or that Eddie, that Eddie albums, I used to hear, you see the sunset strip, you see that everywhere.
Oh yeah.
But I got, I mean I get Pat Cooper, Alan King, and every, you know, you know, you know, I, what's his name?
I'm Dick Gregory.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, Red Fox, it's, it's, come on, put him on, it's like, [2:52:00] you don't think to listen to these people and it's out there.
You know, it's also like a time machine.
Yeah.
You get to peer into a time in the 1960s where someone's on stage and some comedy club in a different universe, like the world's different, everything's different then.
Like the reality's different, it's the middle of the Vietnam war.
Everything's different.
They're on stage.
You kind of hear it in the recording.
It's like baked into it, it feels.
You know what I mean?
Whether it's just what you know, you're listening to or just the way they recorded it.
Like I like, I actually really like listening to the crowds on the records as well.
It's different.
It sounds and feels different.
Yeah, for sure.
How they react and stuff.
And I mean, their context, the civilization they lived in was just so different.
It's so little access to information.
The difference between people then and now is so vast in terms of how much we know about stuff, how much information we have about stuff.
And back then, it was wild.
That kind of comedy was only a few decades old.
It was wild.
[2:53:01] Nobody was doing it.
There's a great series of recordings from Richard prior at Red Fox's comedy club in LA And I bought I bought them once at a gas station They just had them in like the cassette things You can buy them and they're fucking great man Yeah, and they're just these recordings of like Richard prior fuck it around making up material Working the crowd you hear like icing glasses.
I'm never that exactly what I was talking about.
That's the sort of thing I love.
I love hearing it.
Oh, it's so cool.
Yeah, it's so cool.
Klingin' and the Klingin' and the shaking and stuff.
It gives like, it's like a, it's its own thing.
It's like a, cut like you know.
Yeah, it was like, I know.
It was like, wow.
I know, it's kind of weird.
It's kind of weird seeing that.
Yeah, well that was also George Carlin.
George Carlin's only did early days.
He was real clean cut and clean jokes.
Oh, yeah, I haven't seen any of that.
He wore a suit and a tie.
Yeah, so you can find an early George Carlin.
Yeah, you look at me like, no way.
[2:54:06] That's the hippie guy.
Yeah.
Like no way.
Yeah.
I got to, I don't know his material though.
I don't know what it was like.
The early term.
Very clean, very like regular comedy.
Look at him.
You have a stream of them for our entire lives and have noticed something holy shit.
When the Westwins involved Indians, and sometimes they don't, sometimes it's Brian Donlevy with a black hat and a crooked card game, when they involved Indians, the big scene of us...
That's the same eyebrow thing.
When the Indians finally attacked the cowboys, we've been waiting for it throughout the entire movie, you can see them sitting in the hill.
And that's the big scene when they finally get to them, and you always see exactly how the cowboys prepare for this attack.
Now pull them wagons around the circle, get them all ready, something holding up the weapons, come on now, tear them up, panic, or choose from them, bandages, get that one up there, it's damn sad, damn it.
Big hassle, we never see how the Indians prepare.
That's their attack, right?
[2:55:00] Now the Indians were good fighters just because they started in Massachusetts and wound up defending Malibu, doesn't mean they're good.
We really didn't play the game with them.
As I say, now, the Indians were good fighters and if this is so, they must have been well organized.
There must have been a way to divide their men power.
It wasn't just one old chief, many moon come chucked on, a lot of guys running.
Get it.
Not bad.
Yeah.
Interesting.
Yeah.
I mean, that premise was, you know, interesting, interesting premise.
Yeah.
See, I meet him, no, I'm, yes.
I met him at the comedy store and I saw him perform a bunch of times live.
Yeah.
So I'm alive when I was a kid.
When I was 21 when I first started doing stand-ups on live and New Hampshire and you bombed.
Really?
Oh, six, seven years later.
Seven years later, look at him, dirty hippie.
Found out about hippie pussy.
Revolution.
He's like, hey, I'm playing the game wrong.
Yeah.
Probably did a little acid.
Like, what am I doing with this fucking stupid tie on?
I mean that is a that is a coast to coast transformation right now real quick, too.
Yeah, just a couple years two years [2:56:08] Yeah, like what did you look like five years ago pretty similar that was 65 to what I think it was August 31st 65 to March of 72 That's crazy I mean he's nearly unrecognizable.
Yeah, he also looks way older like he yeah, that doesn't look like a seven-year-old That's all that I have to eat you out from the inside Yeah, he aged car, I guess yeah, that's pretty nuts one of the greats.
Yeah, man Yeah, I mean without all those guys I mean that's what's really interesting about the art form.
Without guys like Lenny Bruce and George Carlin, just a few people.
It's just a handful of people, Richard Pryor, handful of people.
Red Fox.
What would this be now?
What would it be?
It's kind of crazy.
Rickles, I would put in that.
Yeah, Rickles.
Sure.
Definitely.
Rickles, right?
Rickles is like the original roaster.
Oh, the best.
What an animal that guy I was I have a Photograph in my living room that he autographed to me right now [2:57:06] It's like if there's a fire it's the first thing That's amazing.
He was awesome.
Yeah, he was so nice.
He was so kind to us animal on stage The tax with jokes is attacking people insane.
Yeah, you know, and for the time and I got was a murderer Nobody was like him back then.
I saw him live within the last five, six, seven years of his life.
I saw him in Atlantic City, which was great.
He came in from the back with the horns and everything.
Before he even got to the stage, it was 20 minutes of insulting people.
Before he got to the stage, it was great.
It was amazing.
Didn't hold back.
And then I saw him again later, I've shown like two years before he died up at Westbury, Long Island.
And he sat in a chair for this one, but he still did two hours.
Wow.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
That's awesome.
And then I got to go backstage and it was like, freaking midnight.
And he was with his wife and one of the couple.
And he let me come in and spent like, you know, even the people come in like, you got to like, then helping him out like, you got waving him off and he like, talking to me for like, good 10 minutes.
[2:58:06] Oh, that's great.
Yeah.
I know I wish I saw him live.
As a few guys, I'm like, damn it, you know what I'm missing in my life.
Shit.
Yeah.
So I can't listen live quite a few times.
Oh wow.
I saw him once live at Great Woods, which is like this outside concert area, and then I saw him live at this, I saw his career start to slump, like I saw it in real time.
Even though I was still a huge Kenisan fan, the second time I saw him, I was at this shitty casino-y place.
It wasn't that good, it wasn't packed, and then the third time was kind of the same thing We were a comic.
Yeah, I was just starting out Maybe I wasn't a comic yet like maybe I was thinking about doing comedy it was pretty close It's like right maybe right before I did comedy [2:59:01] But he went from 86 where he was on top of the fucking world to like 88.
It had already started to kind of fall apart.
It was wild how quick it happened.
Like you have this one amazing album and one amazing HBO special.
And those two were like his best things ever.
And then everything after that is just too much party in and below.
Just got caught up in the life.
And the material wasn't that well thought out anymore.
He's just like, his brother wrote about it in his book.
If you read Brother Sam, it's a fucking great book.
Bill Kenneson wrote it.
Really, if you're a fan of comics, a really good book.
But just tells you how this fucking wild man, like how different he was.
Just plummeted.
How long was he at that height?
You think just a few years.
I think before he got discovered, like before Rodney, to like, so like, I bet like from everything that I've heard from people that were around back then, he came a monster.
He came, he was already a monster from the beginning because he had been a tent revival preacher.
So he was a tent revival preacher who knew how to do stand up.
[3:00:11] Wow.
I mean, what an advance.
That's what an advantage.
You know, I mean, it's like, like teaching a gymnast, jujitsu, like they're so strong already.
They're so flexible.
They have a giant advantage.
I wonder if he, how long it took him to get to that voice of like screaming and stuff.
I think he had it from the 10 revival days because there's recordings of him doing sermons and he would do it like that.
It's like, I'm in the air and Jesus.
It's like really powerful stuff and that's a form of show business clearly.
Yeah.
and he was really good at it.
And so he I've never seen an old set from him.
Really like that.
You never seen an old set?
No, I only seen him a trench coat guy Okay, but there's some that are online you could find on YouTube him with like a leather jacket on and a comb over It looks like shit.
Wow.
Before you start wearing the beret.
Yeah, you just have a comb over You know, he wouldn't shave the head, couldn't give it.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
When he came in back that he bought, he wanted to be a rock and roll guy, too.
[3:01:06] So he had long ass air and like a band-aid on.
Yeah.
He was ridiculous.
So that was him in the early days.
This is his last sermon.
His last sermon.
But he was, I want to hear in his songs.
It's got to be, this got to be on the screen.
Is it mostly songs?
Here it goes.
I feel like I have as much, I feel so grateful.
You can't believe how grateful I feel towards the spirit of God what he's allowed me to be part of.
And I know I wouldn't have had it without this church.
Amen without these ministries that you see on this platform.
Amen without your cells.
Amen.
[3:02:01] We've all played a part in each other's lives we've given to each other Amen so that was him just preaching it's so wild here that voice attached to that that context It's wild Hear him and he's here.
I'm saying it's a mind fuck and by the bad things already don't blow going crazy Yeah, he was already can't send you, Kinesan was a wild fucking dude, man.
He was a wild dude.
Just threw him through.
Got hit by a car when he was five years old.
Me too.
Maybe a four.
Four years old.
How bad?
Not too bad.
I was playing a frisbee with my dad and I went to the hospital but I didn't break anything or anything.
You get knocked out.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We were in a parking lot, 100% empty parking lot, like a VW post, like a veterans post near my house where you just play like, and we were just playing frisbee fully gated.
We're the only two people in that thing, only two objects in the thing.
[3:03:01] We were throwing us frisbee, and my dad's friend was walking down the block, so he went to the gate to talk to him, and I was little, I was like, except four.
And he threw the Frisbee and it went like over there, and I went to go get it, and as I'm going, I see I was staging way again, pull in, it came around the back, so it's not even from the oh, it was still coming at me.
And I get to the frisbee and I pick it up.
I'll never forget this.
I picked it up and I fumbled it and it dropped again.
And I so vividly remember saying, do I try to pick this up again?
Or do I get out of the way?
Because I just remember thinking like, this person has to see me I'm the only object in front of him Oh my god, and I went to pick it up again, and that's I woke up when my dad was running and I was in his arms Yeah, but it wasn't bad.
It wasn't it wasn't bad I I don't even know if I got in cost or anything like that you definitely are in cost Yeah, cold.
Yeah, okay, yeah, so, that was that was it I got to sue I got five thousand bucks nice to sue and I couldn't touch it dollars 18 [3:04:12] Oh, yeah, it was like a trust I think I yeah with Remember it's like 12 5 when I got it That's what was left 12,500 oh, oh, oh, because the five got the, oh.
Yeah, it was 14 years.
I've spent 1200.
No, no, 14 years of, I guess, you know, Jesus, I'm smoking.
Oh, that's amazing.
So all the interest.
Interest there.
Yeah.
Well, I have a, I have a bachelor's in finance.
I couldn't just think that word just now and you ain't going by a nice car something No, I didn't buy a nice car.
I don't know where it went.
I don't write money I already took the hit.
I wish I knew where it went I wish I had a nice story to cap this fucking.
I know right?
I still have that the book they gave me it would they would go and you'd have to take it and they would [3:05:05] They put it under a stamp and it would, it would put the new price, the interest you made that month, the new price and it would add it, like it would aggregate it.
It's a red like statin' island savings bank, like foldable thing.
So I used to, all through those years, it's like pages and pages and pages of like, the interest that they want, I still have that.
Yeah.
The old days, when you go to the bank.
Go to the bank, remember that?
Yeah.
Mom picked this up from school.
The bank?
You got checked, cashed.
The bank was a knife through my heart dude, because our bank was so fucking slow.
Every time she got slow.
It was 40 minutes.
They have no motivation to move quickly.
40 minutes.
How's your day?
How's your day going?
only the drive through.
Oh, no.
That's what I mean.
That's even worse.
You see the line.
And when your car starts overheating, you're like, no, it always did.
She had it.
She had that car overheated.
It was so explode.
We used to drive down to the Jersey shore in the summer.
We'd be in the back seat.
Bench seats, everything, right?
But just my mom, this thing's a fucking boat it was you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you looking back and it's shooting black smoke shooting out of the tailpipe and she [3:06:06] used to pull over pull over on the on the on the turn on the parkway open the hood white smoke pouring out of the hood stunk she just get the coolant from the trunk just pour the coolant in there and get it to be careful when you're opening up the radiator yeah and like literally just kind of alleviated the problem as we drove.
But the worst part was like when she was like, pick us up and stuff and it would like backfire because it was like, it backfire, like if you drove it, it was gonna backfire.
So like coming to school and stuff, my mom said, she didn't mean to embarrass me.
Like coming to school and that thing backfiring.
Yeah.
Yeah, and end up the smoke blowing out and then like having to get just having to get in the car You know, I mean like everyone saw it, you know how many cars back then just fucking polluted everything they came in contact Black smoke came out of every car every car Before they came up with catalytic converters.
It was a disaster.
I I remember as a kid smelling the exhaust all the time all the time [3:07:04] It was a land of gas.
It was like lowers your IQ.
It was a normal smell to smell.
It was.
That's why we're so dumb.
It's part of it.
Yeah.
Hey, thanks for being here, man.
Appreciate it.
It was a lot of fun.
It was a lot of fun.
We'll definitely do this again and tell everybody you're special.
It's on YouTube.
It's out right now.
It's out right now.
It's called Terrified.
Just search my name on YouTube.
And also today, my new tour went on sale.
Everything's fine tour.
We started the first like it's 30 cities.
So it's SavileCannocomedy.com.
Beautiful.
All right, thank you, brother.
Appreciate it.
Lot of fun.
Bye everybody.
================================================================================
Episode Title: #2158 - Harland Williams
Transcript:
I think I've known you for 30 years.
You know how crazy that this?
31.
Is it really?
Yeah.
Wow.
I remember the day we met.
Really?
Baskin Robbins on Melrose.
Really?
Yeah.
Do we meet at Baskin Robbins?
Baskin Robbins on Melrose.
Really?
Yeah.
Do we meet at Baskin Robbins?
Baskin Robbins.
I got one of those memories like the girl from Taxi.
Oh, do you really?
We got a mint chocolate chip, double scoop, and I had peanut butter and chocolate.
I think you're making this up.
Well, I think you're making this up.
He's making this up.
I was like, let's see all this guys.
He's saying he's got a memory like the lady from Taxios like that.
I couldn't even remember a name That lady's got a crazy memory she does she can tell you like dates in 1972 what day it was dude I bumped into it a sushi joint once and she reenacted the day I lost my virginity Unbelievable, wow she remembered it.
Oh, she know I lost my virginity.
So unbelievable.
Wow.
She remembered it.
Oh, she know.
It was her.
It was her.
Oh, really?
She popped my chair.
It was hot back in the day.
She drove my taxi.
Ooh.
Yeah.
She acted as your depot.
Wait, what's your name?
Mary Lou Retina?
No.
What is it?
It's close.
Mary Lou Iris Cornia Cornia Mary Lou Cornia.
Where was her name?
Retina she's a gymnast.
That's the gymnast.
What was her name?
That's the deaf check.
Yeah, that's the one that everybody had a pretend was really good at acting But she did win an Oscar didn't she?
Mary Lou Hennor.
Oh She did win an Oscar, didn't she?
Mary Lou Henner.
Oh, she did the tampon commercials.
Did she?
Yeah.
And who better to do them than a Tumblr?
They get guys to do them now.
Yeah.
It's a new world.
Yeah.
Yeah, there she is.
Back in the day when she was on Taxi, she was hot.
[2:02] But you can't ever lie to her.
Yeah, she knows everything.
You didn't, you, like, I didn't say that, like not only did you say that, you were wearing this.
Yeah.
Yeah, she just knows it all.
Yeah, I'm believe a blow.
That's probably a real issue in relationships.
Well, you can't, you can never argue with her about who is right.
She remembers it.
Yeah, you Yeah.
100%.
You're, you got a foggy ass bullshit, normal human.
Like, how good's your memory?
My memory's not that good.
Maybe she's an elephant.
I don't think their memory's that good.
They say they are.
Yeah, but like shit that you would remember too.
Right.
Like how often you watch one of those nature shows and you see like elephants wandering around aimlessly and you know they're looking for their car.
Because they can't remember where they parked.
Idiots.
My survival elephants can drive.
That would be a real problem.
How big would their fucking car be?
How big would their roads have to be?
Wow.
If anybody else, any other animals, start developing electronics, I think we just kill [3:02] them.
Yeah.
I'm like, what the fuck are you doing over there?
Like we wouldn't be cool with chips fascinating their own weapons if they started making guns If the chips start smelting iron Yeah, figure out ballistics.
You see chips on the range.
Yeah, you're like hey, hey, hey, only us.
Yeah Well, this is not what planet of the apes is all about like similar they evolved to the point where Wasn't the new one like experiments Wasn't it like some kind of experiments Like they were they would do like back in the day was like a time machine thing like they went right like the really old ones Yeah, the first time machine and you go Forward in time and you realize like oh my god that apes are now humans Yeah, they landed so far in the future on earth.
You know who wrote that one, Rod Serlick.
Oh did it really?
He was a twilight talking man.
He was away out of his time with everything.
Genius.
So many good episodes.
You go back to watch the twilight zones like no production value, no money for special effects, incredible show.
[4:07] And that's what was part of their charm, but the music, everything worked.
And if you look at a lot of modern day movies, they were predicated on those old shows.
Like Chuckie, there's an old episode with Telly Savales.
Taki Tina.
Hi, I'm Taki Tina and I'm going to kill you.
This was a doll, remember?
Fast forward to Chuckie that demented red-headed, freckle-faced freak.
Look at that.
There she is, Taki Tina.
You know my favorite one was to serve man.
Oh yeah, it's a cookbook.
Yeah.
And then Julia Childs walks out of the UFO.
Yeah, yeah.
How are we everybody?
We're gonna serve your children.
What did the aliens look like on to serve, man?
Oh, very bizarre.
Yeah, they had giant bulbous heads.
Yeah, there it is.
Yeah, they look like her and monster without the hair.
[5:01] Well, how bad does fucking make up is?
You can see where you can glue your cheek.
You can see everything is so shitty.
Like you better than that in a high school musical.
Speaking of human cook box, I have a buddy who just had a kid and he told me him and his wife made placenta smoothies.
And I'm sitting here going, what if you love them?
What if you love the taste you're on kid?
And one day you're with Billy at the park, and you're just looking at him and you're like, you know, you start licking your lips, like he sure did taste good.
And then cannibalism and he eat your own kid.
I don't think it's actually eating your own kid.
I think it's eating the nutrients that provide nourishment to the kid while it's in the womb.
It's not, you're not eating the kid.
The kid is separate from the placenta.
It is?
Yeah, the kid is natural.
Oh, I thought it was covered.
Like, you know when a gazelle drops its baby on the calahari and it like licks all that fill moth it, isn't that placenta?
[6:06] Or is that just like a pastasauce?
It's like carbonara.
I think that is placenta right?
I mean it probably must be.
So isn't that what human kids have?
Don't they have that like gazelle?
But it's not the kid itself.
It's the nutrients that the kid was consuming while they were in the, I believe, obviously I'm not a doctor.
Yeah, look at this.
This one's gonna drop it.
They eat that.
She about to drop.
Boy, how vulnerable are they when they're giving birth?
Oh, yeah.
And half of those kids get snatched up immediately.
Really?
Yeah, some cats are wild dogs or something come run over and steal your baby and that's it.
You carry that thing around inside of you for months.
You love it more than anything in life.
They'll protect it like, obviously they have this insane connection with that baby and then it gets snatched away by a cat.
And literally doesn't get its first bleat out.
Like it lifts its head, and then bonk.
[7:02] Well that's one of the things that people have to be very aware about North America.
What?
Bears.
What bears are doing to deer and moose the same thing.
Like the half of the, like if you really love deer and moose and elk, I love them.
Half of those animals babies got eaten by bears.
Yeah.
The like half of the babies that come out.
Half.
Half.
Yeah like that.
the like half of the babies that come out.
Half.
Half.
Yeah, like, you know, it's a good thing in a good ecosystem.
To call the herd.
Yeah, well, it's just, it's not even just a call to herd.
It's just to, that's how, that's what they're there for.
Like, it's a system.
We look at it like it's this beautiful thing because it is beautiful.
You see these animals in the wild and nature, but what it is, it's a system.
It's got a mathematical system.
You have numbers.
The amount of predators is based on the amount of prey and the amount of babies they have and the amount of babies that survive.
Animals that have less babies don't survive as well.
Animals that are bigger, [8:00] fight off the wolves better.
It's like there's a whole system.
The whole system and it trickles down right to the vegetation and the ecosystem.
You know this, like if they remove the wolves, then the elk and caribou herds expand and they start eating all the growth on the river banks causing erosion, the river is flat.
Now it just, so you have to have those predators.
So I'm glad they're eating half and I'm gonna if they're listening eat three quarters if they were any half we would be overrun by by deer and yeah like you'd you'd have a situation where you have like a New Zealand where they have to fly over the hills and just gun them down moose and now they have the New Zealand New Zealand New Zealand's a wild place well Literally, but it's beautiful.
So beautiful.
Both.
They got there in, I get the 1700s or something like that, maybe the 1800s, and these European settlers, these European explorers, like this place is so beautiful, but it doesn't have any things for us to kill.
[9:00] Why don't we bring in a bunch of wild animals from Europe that we like to kill?
And so they turned it into like a wild game safari park for hunting.
Cheezoo.
Yeah, so there's all these animals like stags and all these different kinds of deer, all these animals that are not supposed to be in New Zealand.
They're everywhere.
They're so overwhelmed.
Like if you buy elk, like if you go to a restaurant and you buy elk tenderloin, okay.
Most likely that elk is coming from New Zealand.
No.
Yeah.
There's elk in New Zealand?
A lot of elk in New Zealand.
And it's probably, they probably are allowed to consider stag elk too.
I don't think they, I don't, that's a good question.
I don't know.
They're so similar.
They're such a similar animal.
They probably taste exactly the same, the only LK have a cool sound, but stags have a really cool, stags sound like a lion.
Have you ever heard a stag roar?
Yeah, it's really fucking cool.
And then when they mate, the male elks do that whistle.
You know that sounds like a pickle.
What a weird noise.
[10:06] Yeah.
Look at his penis growing up and down.
Oh yeah, they jizzled over themselves.
Wow.
Well, I've seen elk do it where they just piss all over themselves while they're screaming.
They're screaming.
Elk's are even cooler.
Give me an elk and elk bugle elk bugle.
I think it's the coolest Sound world.
Oh me bro if you didn't know if you didn't know if you were in the dark and you were in the In camping and you know elk bugle and you didn't know what that was you think oh my god.
There's monsters out here.
Yeah Yeah, there it is.
Couldn't you imagine that being a monster?
Yeah.
It's sort of like an instrument.
Imagine if it's dark out, you hear that?
You're like, fuck!
It's demons!
Yeah, that's what kind of haunting and scary.
[11:05] That's the greatest animal.
And then they go and do the big cats go into a flamin'.
You know this?
Flamin'.
I ran into problems with girlfriends because of this.
It's like when the female lions are the leopards, they get ripe, you know what I mean?
Ready to party?
Let's go.
The lions and the cheetahs, they do this thing where they smell the female scent and they, you know, they do this thing where they curl their lip up.
Yeah.
And it's like a sexual thing.
And that, for some reason, I don't know why, but I do that when I'm about to get into some love making.
You do a little bit of that?
And do you embody the lion?
I don't know, I just have the thing.
It's like, and they never stick around.
Yeah.
Flemish response takes place when one lion of either sex sniffs or smells the urine of another.
Chemicals and hormones contain the urine elicit the Flemish response.
Usually after smelling the urine patch on the ground [12:02] or vegetation, the cat is doing the smelling, will lift his or her head and hold her lips back in a strong grimace.
Let me see it.
Yeah, and I got it.
It's just like, yeah, look.
I got to start dating girls that wipe, I guess.
Look at that face.
That urine.
Yeah.
Look at it that right before it fucking closes down on your neck.
gonna go, oh yeah, I'm not getting out of this.
Here's fucking no escape, there's no hip escape, there's no jiu-jitsu move.
There's no poking in the eye.
That's a wrap, it's a wrap.
Look at that mouth.
That is a wrap, a wrap of the wrap.
I had a moment when I was on Safari in Africa, where it's the only time in my life I started shaking.
We were on a private land rover.
We came up on two male lions that had just made a kill.
We're literally probably, I'd say, 25 feet from them.
And one of them got up and we're in the open land rover, right?
[13:01] With no protection, no windows.
So we got the guy driving from our camp, and this thing, one of them got up walked or a halfway to us and just did that burning stare with its golden eyes.
Oh my God.
And I was holding my hand, because it was one of the few times in my life, I felt like I was in death's door.
Like that line could have been on me in two seconds and it was terrifying but exhilarating at the same time.
How do they know that the lions won't jump into the cab and pull people out?
They get acclimated to these kind of clunky things and look, I believe me, I know nature's unpredictable.
Crossed, do you have to have?
Well, I said to our driver, he was parked in front of a stump.
I said to him, I said, dude, I know you do this every day.
Get away from the stump.
We need to have an exit strategy.
Yeah.
And so we'll be fine.
I said, no, move from the stump.
Cause nature, you don't know when nature's gonna do that.
[14:05] Did you know it was gonna be an open air thing?
Yeah, yeah.
And you were cool with that?
Yeah, it's beautiful.
But I didn't know we were gonna come up on two male lions that were in the middle of eating a wildebeest and be the only ones there and like 25 feet away.
And one of them was gonna shorten the distance by half.
Oh God.
Was this before or after the lady from Game of Thrones, who was the video editor?
She's one of the video editors of Game of Thrones.
She got pulled out of a car by all means.
Oh, she did?
Well, there you go.
There's your answer, yeah.
It can happen.
I think it was a different situation, though.
I don't think they were acclimated to the open air ones because in this one it was cars and she rolled her window down to reach out to take a picture and the catch is snatched her.
It's like a toy.
I mean you're basically rolling a piece of yarn.
If you see, if a cat sees the thing that he couldn't get, but now he can get it, their [15:02] instinct is just to get it.
Like even if they never would do that, if the windows are rolled down from the beginning.
Yeah.
The moment they see you peeking out.
Yeah.
Like you're basically like dangling.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
It's just a video of it.
I know.
So I just a picture.
This is how it happened.
Yeah.
Oh God.
That's so horrible, man.
Oh my God.
Look how big that thing is imagine that pulling you out of the fucking car.
Oh my god So I was in Florida on whoo and I was doing a gig like on one side of Florida and had to cross over to the other side And in between we walking no no Daddy out of here's where it got clunky right I?
I rented a convertible, right?
Cause it's Florida.
So I had time to kill, so I looked on the thing, halfway across, there's a lion safari where you can drive through, right?
And you drove through in a convertible?
No, so I pulled up and they said, sir, you can't go through the convertible, but for 10 extra dollars, [16:02] we'll rent you one of our little junkers and the junkers were painted like a zebra because it was a lion park.
So they painted them with stripe.
It was like a piece of crap that was just meant to go through the two mile park and out.
So it's like a million degrees.
It's Florida.
It's Tuesday on one in the afternoon.
No one's there because I'm cutting across the country.
This is like a weekend place.
They put me in this zebra mobile.
I'm all alone in this park.
I get right in the middle of the lion thing.
There's like 60 lions.
The carcans out.
300 degrees.
No AC because it's an old junker.
And I just got 60 lion just going Zebra and I'm just sitting there no one's coming Daddy sitting there in the in the prize to sit there for I sat there for about 15 20 minutes till they came and I got to crack the window cuz it's like a it's like a dog in a Walmart parking lot [17:01] And it was and I'm sitting there going I'm a zebra I'm sitting there I'm a zebra you could die of heat exposure in there or by getting mulled by a pride alliance I mean they're gay if it's a pride alliance by the way no pride isn't always gay okay they look gay to me I didn't used to be gay used to be like you're proud of something one of them had their hair fluffed out he looks pretty gay it's actually in the Bible.
Lions?
Okay.
Pride.
Pride.
It's not good.
Wait.
What do we talk about?
Is it the same thing?
I don't know.
It's in the Bible.
It's one of the sins.
What?
Pride?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
It's one of the, yeah, there's six like.
So why would you make a thing that is like I have American pride.
I love America.
I do have American pride.
I'm a patriot.
I think this is an amazing place.
Yeah.
So I have pride.
So does that mean I'm gay or does it mean I'm sinning?
Well, if it's just the verb, you're just you know what I'm saying?
It's like what a flexible word.
If you're trying to learn American English, [18:08] like how we use things, like just English, and you spoke another language that was more logical, you'd be like, what the fuck?
Why don't you have different words?
Yeah.
Why do you have the same word?
It means such different things.
Like the word rose.
Isn't there like seven different meanings for the word rose rose the flower rose up yeah right yeah yeah yeah it's just like right they just think I don't think of rose of corn yeah yeah rose the boat yeah oh my god there's so many yeah that's so stupid well there's two there there's ROSC and ROWF same sound did you want a sound yeah you obviously didn't they're making new pronouns sounds every day yeah you could have called.
You could have called.
You could have made a new pronoun sounds every day.
Yeah.
You could have called rows of corn, like clonk of corn.
Yeah.
Something that doesn't make me fucking confused.
Wow.
Especially if I'm learning the language, like I speak Portuguese or something, like, hold on my friend, this is the same word.
Like, what What are you saying?
What a goofy, it's you need so much context to be able to figure out, [19:06] I think English is supposed to be one of the most difficult languages to learn.
I think Russian's very hard, Chinese is very hard, Mandarin's very hard.
Manatee, is that what you said?
Mandarin, like Chinese.
Oh God.
Imagine like you can speak it, but you can't read it or write it, Because that happens with a lot of Asian languages, like to learn Japanese.
It's like speaking Japanese is hard, but now you have to learn how to read it and write it.
Like that's extra hard.
I got a story for you about that a little later.
Do you learn Japanese?
I saw it, well, Vietnamese.
I saw it, I saw it, I saw it, I saw it, I saw it, I saw it.
Well, you and NOM?
Yeah.
Possibly.
I did two tours in NOM.
And I gotta say, SunQuest Bus Lines.
The best tours.
Oh God.
Air Condition Buses.
It's got two tours.
Right?
Tourists.
Very different meaning.
[20:00] If you're talking about going to Vietnam in 1967.
Huge difference.
Big difference.
And I found out.
Do you mind if I just dip into, I brought a little something I have to do in about every 20 minutes I do apologize?
What is it?
I have to have an eating thing I have to do.
Really?
Well, if you don't mind.
No, no, not at all.
No.
Oh, God.
What is your eating thing?
I have a tapeworm for real.
Yeah Like I that's about almost four feet have you ever had one You really do?
Yeah.
I never know with you, you know.
I don't know if I should feel bad or start mocking you.
Well, you can do whatever.
I don't know.
I don't know if I like to feel bad if it's true.
You have a real tapeworm?
I do.
How'd you get it, do you think?
I was in the Galapagos Islands recently.
And we, they have a rodent over there called the Bermuda eel rat.
[21:07] And it's not a documented species.
It's the local jargon.
Everything evolves in, as you know, through Darwin, everything evolved over in the Galapagos, the tortoises, everything.
It's a unique place where evolution took place.
And I guess this wrap became a bit elongated, it's spined, and so they call it the, came off originally off of a Bermuda, like transport ship or something.
Right.
And so they eat it over there.
And I ate the damn thing and I got a parasite that led to a tapeworm, and she's about a four footer.
What do they do to get out?
Get it out.
Well they have pills but this is I don't even know if I should talk about this but I there's a little odd I sort of got attached to the little fella.
Oh you like [22:04] having it now?
Well you know we hear all this talk about, you know, women and men and men can have babies.
They're telling men they can have children.
Don't go to a little baby tapeworm.
Well, let's just say I have something living inside me and I sort of like it.
I sort of like sometimes I can feel it moving around.
Sometimes I'll put a piece of cheese in the bed at night and it'll come out and I feel like I have a tail.
And so what I have to do is I have to eat celery.
Well what it does it reacts to the vibration of sound and celery's kind of got the best kind of crunch and It kind of settles the guy down Okay, just I just need to take a couple of bites.
Are you good?
[23:03] Well, you're gonna laugh.
You have to do this about every 20 minutes for the tapeworm.
Yeah, settles them down.
I think you go into a bad doctor.
I think you're getting bad advice.
No, I just mean for me.
For you.
This is like a self-medicating.
Yeah, I think they can get rid of those things, man.
No, but what I'm saying, I've grown attached to demeatry.
I like going with demeatry.
It's probably like, you know, I have a forced labor.
But I like demeatry.
Yeah, but you can't keep a baby inside you forever.
The whole idea is the baby gets born and then it goes out.
Hold on, Dr.
Spock.
These suckers can grow up to 30 feet long.
Mine's a four footer.
Can they really get that big?
How do they know how big is this?
Would they do an MRI or something?
Well, we did an ultrasound.
And they could see the tape inside of it.
[24:01] Do you got a picture of that?
I don't have a picture handy.
How do you not have a picture on your phone of that?
Got my kid of little Dmitry?
Yeah.
It seems like he'd be really sad if you didn't have a picture of him.
I got to bring one in.
When I come back next week, I'll bring one in.
Tapeworms are sesto, stesto, it's could range and length one meter up to 50 feet.
50 feet dude 15 meters the length and width of the tapeworms can vary depending upon the species.
Wow.
Um, pork beef, fish tapeworms can grow to be 15 to 30 feet.
Oh yeah.
Permute a eel rat.
Yeah.
Do they have that there?
How'd that rat taste?
You know, it's kind of good.
Yeah.
They season it up with the Galapagos seasoning and it's kind of like blackened catfish, but it's like Galapagos seasoning.
See, you think all those people that live there probably have tapeworms?
I don't know if they have it, but I sure got it.
They have to have it.
If you got it, that must mean everybody has it.
Unbelievable.
There's places in the world that, especially like tropical places where most people have some kind of parasite.
[25:07] It just becomes a part of your body.
You now exist with that thing in you forever.
You know?
Have you ever had a tapeworm?
No, I have not.
Do you want one?
No, thanks.
What's the worst thing you've ever had?
Like the worst weird ailment?
Staff infection.
No way how many people on your staff?
It was a small business.
Wow.
Yeah.
Yeah, just one employee.
What's a staff infection?
It's an infection that you get on your skin and it's like a bacterial infection.
Exactly.
And it's really common in Jiu Jitsu.
And a lot of people get it and they don't recognize it.
Ari actually had it and Ari didn't know he had it until I pointed it out.
And we got him to the hospital right away.
Ari and I were playing pool and he was limping.
I'm like, why are you limping?
And he goes, I got a spider bite and I go, let me see it.
And he pulls his pants up and his knee, he has this swollen like pimple on his knee [26:08] and the pus at the end of it.
I go, dude, you have a staff infection.
I go, we gotta get you to the hospital right now.
He goes, are you serious?
Is it lethal?
Yeah.
It's lethal.
Yeah, people die.
If they get have died from staff.
It happens all the time.
Yeah, people get in and hospitals a lot, don't they?
Yes, and unfortunately in hospitals, they get something called MRSA.
And MRSA is medication-resistant staff infection.
Wow.
A lot of black gospel singers get that out of here.
MRSA?
Oh, that's MRSA, I'm sorry.
What were you saying, Jamie?
Didn't you say, didn't you say something?
Oh, I thought I heard you.
I thought I'd talk about numbers of people dying of staff infection.
Yeah, I heard that too.
How many people a year die from staff infections?
I think it's a big number.
Wow.
I know quite a few people have been, [27:00] have been deathly ill from staff infections.
So I had to go to the hospital and get their legs cut open and get their legs drained.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's a horrible, horrible thing to watch.
Like it eats holes in people.
You've watched staff infection surgeries?
No, no, no.
I mean, I've seen them online.
2017, the Center of Disease Control Prevention reported that almost 20,000 people in the United States died from bloodstream infections caused by staff.
That's 2017, he killed 20,000 people.
Yeah, so that's the worst thing I've had, for sure.
How long did it last?
Didn't last very long because I caught it.
I got real lucky, I caught it quick.
I was at an airport with my friend Tate and I had this little pimples on my calf and he goes, uh, he goes, hey, uh, what is out of your calf?
I go, I don't know, something.
And he goes, did I think that staff?
I go, really?
He goes, yeah, he should get it looked at.
So immediately I went to dermatologist and he's like, yeah, it looks like staff.
And he put me in antibiotics before they even got the results of the test back.
He put you on it, not your cow.
My cow.
I thought you said your calf.
[28:06] Calf like leg.
Part of your leg.
That one, that one you really went out there with that one.
That's the worst thing.
Do you really have a tapeworm?
I do.
For real.
Yes.
Please.
And what do they, they have you on Ivermectin?
What do they have you on?
They don't have, they just, you can't get it, all they do is kill it.
It can live in your system.
They told me for your whole life.
Right.
Yeah, you ever seen bears?
They have them like sticking out of their ass.
Oh yeah.
Like a fucking hose, like a garden hose, just hanging.
You ever seen the worms that come out of praying mantises?
Oh yes, this is it.
They're like, huge, huge.
They put a praying mantis in water, and that bastard must not have been praying enough because it's got a tapeworm longer than Dolly Parton's ass hair.
Not only that, those worms, those aquatic worms, trick grasshoppers into drowning themselves.
[29:00] They could be, what are you doing, man?
Don't do that.'t know the pulp I know but don't just grab it and put it I know but it was I felt like I was chewing cod well I put it on the other celery Okay, I would never put cod on your table the celery please well I don't want the meat tree to get upset You need to reach into your asshole and pull the meat tree out Wow, you need to like you, like with your shoulders down the ground, ask up here, just get it.
Get it in there.
Joseph and give birth.
Joseph, dial it down.
I'm not gonna, is he ever turtle on you?
Yes, does he?
That's why column to meet you.
One night I put out a piece of fetiches, the Greek stuff, and he went nuts, came out.
Came out.
If you ever seen a Burmese python, yes.
I had a lady friend over, and I guess little Dimitri got jealous, and I woke up all I heard was, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And I looked over.
[30:02] He was, yeah, unbelievable.
How are you laying?
Spooning?
Like where's her face?
Is it like right where your ass is?
Well, we spoon upside down.
It's over.
It makes sense.
She uses her, my nose like a bicycle rack.
He have to come.
He's not pretty, but he's my boy.
Yeah, it's not pretty, but he's my boy.
How long is it going to take to kill him?
I don't want to kill him.
This is why I'm...
Not but for real, for real.
How long is it going to take to kill it?
Well, once you take those pills, you can kill it within about three days.
And you're not taking the pills?
No.
I'm telling you a guy, you know, I feel like I have a boy inside me.
Wow, wait a minute.
Like a child.
Okay.
Well, good luck with that.
Thank you.
If you see, I want to see a photo of those bears.
Hmm.
The bears that have it, it's so disgusting.
It looks like like enormous spaghetti.
[31:02] Oh, it's a ten-year ass.
Have you ever been attacked by a bear?
No.
Oh, it was a 10-year-old.
Have you ever been attacked by a bear?
No.
I'm here, right?
Well, look at that.
There are survivors and I couldn't.
Look at that tapeworm coming out of his asshole.
How crazy is that?
Whoa, looks like he just got married.
You should put 10 cans on the end of those.
Look at me that's looking.
He just hoping someone steps on it so he could pull it out of his ass.
Yeah.
Looks like he was parachuting and he landed and he's dragging the parachute.
I mean, how insane is that?
Wow.
I mean, their whole body is just a disgusting mess.
Yeah.
Like when you eat bears.
You eat bear?
You have eaten bear.
Gris, black bear, polar.
Black bear.
Black bear.
Black bear, not gris.
No, I've eaten bear grizz black bear polar black bear black bear not grizz No, I've never had one else.
What's what's the white?
Why do you black bear?
Well, I did them.
Yeah, yeah They have to but I heard it's kind of a musky kind of weird taste No, it really depends on what they've been eating but most unfortunately most of those bears are probably eating calves [32:03] moose calves and Fonds deer fawns they tasted good black bears are kind of like goats though.
They'll eat just about anything They'd a lot do you know then the early days the pioneers used to eat bear and they would use deer for skin Say again, you just use deer skins.
They just use the the hide from deer.
They were eating bear Oh, I see bear more than they ate anything else.
Is that right?
Yeah, am that crazy?
Well, maybe there was a reason for that because the bear was a threat to them.
So maybe it's like, let's kill the thing that could kill our cattle or kill our children and let's eat that versus the docile.
This is just a theory.
I just cannot put just a theory.
I just cannot put it.
Not a good theory.
That makes sense.
You know, we definitely want to kill the thing that's killing your food.
And if you could eat it too, all the better.
And apparently they thought it tasted the most like beef.
Whereas like venison is different.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So they ate a lot of bear.
[33:02] Black bears are dangerous, but grises are the one you gotta be careful about.
They're all dangerous, man.
They're all bears.
I don't know if it can I share something with you?
Please do.
I'm a blueberry nut.
Like I might like blueberries.
When blueberry season hits in early spring, I'm nuts about it.
How's the meat you feel about that?
Well, she like salary.
I'll give them berries.
There you make fun of my boy.
So anyway, blueberries.
So this was about seven years ago.
I'm up on a hill in Bamp, out in Canada, in the Rocky Mountains.
Gris, you know, Gris, and I'll use a line from Chitty Chitty Bang Bang.
Remember our Caracodus Pots?
He was the father to Dick Van Dyke.
And he used this line where he's singing.
He goes, he's doing a song in Chitty Chitty Bang Bang and he doesn't [34:00] line where he goes.
And the bear came a lullip in over the mountain.
And I'm sitting there pickin' blueberries.
And this behemoth comes flying over the hill.
So that was a grizzly bear.
It was a grizz.
And when they attack, they roll you.
They roll and claw.
And I've never done this, but...
and I've never done this but you're such a dork hey fuck it what can't.
Dude, this is not easy for me to talk about.
I'm sick that I can't.
The bear came a lola pin over the mountain.
And uh...
That tattoo belongs to a mechanic in Idaho and you need to give it back to him.
[35:01] So...
Let me see it again.
What the...
Let me see it again what the I'm you see it again the back of my lullipin over the mountain what there you said that the longest anyone's ever gone for a gag that's that is yeah it's the furthest anyone's ever gone you actually got a tattooed on your chest.
Well, hang on, guy.
I'm trying to tell you, I got attacked by a gris.
No.
No.
You know what?
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Oh my god.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No Oh my God.
It probably barely should sell.
And you know what I did?
I did a thing I've meant to call the jelly roll.
Because I'm in the blueberries, the only way to evade the gris, I rolled down the hill.
He's ripping my chest, straight down the hill into a river.
[36:01] Boom.
Bouncing around like Moses.
Blueberry jelly.
Blueberry jelly.
Blueberry jelly.
Blueberry Moses, Blueberry Jellic.
Blueberry Jellic.
Burculosis teeth.
You making jelly as you roll through the hookers.
I'm crushing the, yeah.
And this bear was just buffuddled, just stood there, looked like forest gump with a Chinese dildo up his ass.
Now a mountain lion on the other hand.
Can I share something with you?
This is involved in other chat, too.
Well, no, the mountain lion.
What the fuck is that?
He...
Did you glue those on?
What the fuck is wrong with the mountain lion?
Scrapes.
He digs in with his claws.
What is wrong with you?
Can a guy have adventure stories in nature?
Yeah, that those that make up artists whoever did that, but they're like from the Twilight Zone, same person.
[37:02] St.
Persons.
That alien's head.
same person.
Same person.
That alien's head.
It fell off.
Hey, you're healing by the power of Jesus.
Oh God.
You're healing.
Yeah.
But here's where I talked to you earlier about learning Mandarin.
Here's the difference between the evolution of nature, mammals, critters, and human beings.
Cut to about eight years ago, the McKenzie River, and there's white water like you wouldn't believe.
Little Vietnamese boy, his name Kimmy Long Wow.
Freckles on his face, unbelievable.
Tips, okay.
Bears, wild cats, they just scratch.
The ingenuity, the intelligence of a human.
I jump in, grab little Kimmy Long Wow.
[38:03] He starts scratching me me can I show you something look at this this kid scratched the shit out of me and even in a panic state I had to learn mandarin This is towards the night before Christmas.
Well...
She's a big man.
Unbelievable.
What was his name again?
Little Kimmy Long Wow.
He had freckles on his face.
It looked like Dolly Parton serving Apple Cobbler if you join them.
He is Vietnamese.
Vietnamese boy.
Well, why would a Vietnamese kid have freckles?
That seems uncommon.
That's what was so weird.
That's how he stood out amongst all the other boys.
A child of an American GI.
I don't know, but just unbelievable kid.
To see a little Vietnamese boy with freckles, [39:03] you don't get that.
How many American, like that was always a thing, like those Chuck Norris action movies, remember?
Like missing an action.
There was always about guys that were still stuck over there and we had to go get them.
Nobody kind of forgot about that.
Are those the guys that inspired you, like Norris?
Oh yeah, that's right.
Yeah, Bruce Lee.
Like when you were a kid, did you sneak into the movies?
I went to the movies and then there was on television too when I was a kid.
The first Bruce Lee movie I ever saw was on television.
Yeah.
You couldn't believe it.
I was like, look at that.
That's insane.
How's he doing that?
But like those missing in action movies was all about missing POWs.
And then we always use a talk, that was always a thing that like the POWs from Vietnam got left behind.
Yeah.
And like, you know, Chuck and Ars can go back and get them and set them free.
And yeah.
How many POWs got left behind in Vietnam?
Because that's a, that's a fucking real thing man.
Now it was a bullshit war, [40:00] but people went over there and they left them there.
John McCain, remember him?
The Paul He was a prisoner for years.
His shoulders were all fucked up.
Yeah, he couldn't put his arms down.
Like he was, I remember I went on a roller coaster with him once and at the end of it, I was like, Guy, it's done and he was still.
That's how crazy Trump is.
Trump made a fun of him getting caught.
Yeah.
No, he, That's how crazy Trump is.
Trump made a fun of him getting caught.
Yeah.
No, he, Trump said, well, I like guys that didn't get caught.
Yeah, whatever.
Yeah.
Are you saying it?
Yeah.
Like you were gonna run away.
You would run away.
Would you be?
Yeah.
If you're his enemy, he doesn't give a fuck.
He'll say anything.
You're skewered.
You're skewered.
Even if it doesn't make any sense, they'll say like, what?
Guys, you don't get caught.
What?
Yeah.
How can you fucking say that about a war hero?
It's like Jesus Christ.
That's true.
It's wild.
Crazy, but he's my enemy.
Fuck him.
No, no holes barbed battle mode.
[41:00] How many American soldiers got left behind?
Get down.
I was trying to find out.
And this is by the way, they're not gonna tell you the real number, right?
They're not?
No, they didn't tell you why we're going into the war in the first place.
I'm sure that even the death count was probably disputed.
Who knows?
Have you ever romanticized being in combat like that?
Even though it's the death zone.
Have you ever like, because you're a hunter, you're skilled with the rifle.
Have you ever sort of imaginary, like immersed yourself into a Vietnamese battle scene?
No, nor could I imagine those guys who got conscripted.
They got drafted.
So you didn't even want to do it.
Maybe you just wanted to build cars.
Maybe you wanted to be a painter.
Now I'll say, and you're over there with a rifle and you're in the dark, in the jungle.
But does the hunter side of you go in there and imagine like you could excel in that environment?
No, the hunter is a totally different experience.
[42:01] The hunting side of me is like dipping my toe into the natural world, like getting my food the hard way.
That's the hunter in me is going out and finding food and interacting with nature.
But the, the Elk are not my enemy.
I love them.
Right, but is there a thrill to the kill though?
There has to be a moment of sort of adrenaline and jubilation when you man conquer's beast.
Does that exist?
The thrill is that you pulled off a difficult thing.
It's very hard to do.
And it's very hard to make a shot with a bow and arrow on an animal.
It's far in a lethal shot.
And to be able to do it consistently.
To do it every time you hunt, to be able to make a lethal shot and I'm talking about it like 50 yards 60 yards.
Oh wow.
Do you strictly use bone arrow?
Yes.
Oh, I didn't know that I thought you Shoot with rifles.
I killed a pig last year with a rifle.
Wow with the farmer sausage.
It was a wild one.
Oh Big pretty big 200 pounds Texas.
No, this was in California.
And so I ate him just the other day.
What she said?
[43:07] That was a boy.
It's a boy pig.
No, I said what she's sag.
I know what you're saying California is that a joke an actor joke?
Yeah, I got you I got you.
What was I saying though?
What was I on about?
Well, you were talking about the hunting versus the.
War to me is insane.
I don't know what I mean.
I don't want to have nothing to do with that.
I wouldn't really know.
There's no little piece of you that you're in the dark jungle.
I'm someone's boy, that's someone's baby boy.
I don't think of it even as a man.
That's someone's baby boy that I don't know.
That guy has parents and they really love him and he probably has a wife and she loves him and he probably has friends and they love him.
And they just said that.
And then some fucking politician is telling me that that guy's my enemy.
I bet that guy and I, if we could speak the language we'd have a beer together and have a good time.
What a great answer.
He probably doesn't want to have anything to do with killing me and I don't want to have anything both being suckered into this thing by a bunch of assholes who are just making money.
I love that answer, Joe.
[44:05] If I could fly over this table and hug you, I would.
We hug a lot.
But it reminds me of a movie.
Did you ever see this old movie with Lee Marvin?
And I can't remember the other actor.
He was a Japanese actor.
But this was a movie I think in the 60s, where they're both in the war the Japanese pilot and Lee Marvin they both crashed on a remote island Supreme enemies and they only had each other and a box of socky somehow got stranded on the island and they became the best friends In the world and I think if everyone looked through that prism in life They would forget about all the war and the violence.
When you realize someone else is exactly like you.
Exactly.
And that you need someone else.
And they have the same fears, desires, passions, and wants as you.
It's such a beautiful movie, you know.
It's where all the freaking same, [45:00] whenever you get into an altercation with someone, you feel disliked towards someone, you should always just pitch yourself, trapped on an island with that person and go, you know what, if I were alone with them, I would love them, they'd be my best friend.
You'd figure it out.
It's a mental thing.
If everyone kind of adopted that mentality, I think we'd, things would be nice.
Things could be a lot better.
We're just, we're divided by so many things in this world.
We're divided by politics.
We're doing, you hear like Robert De Niro screaming in front of people about Trump like, horrible.
What are you doing?
Like what is this?
Like this is like silly behavior.
All this is so silly.
Not only that, labeling them, calling them clowns and denigrating them, saying, you're less than me because I like this and you like that.
It's all insane Do you remember that there was a beautiful experiment done by Jane Elliott in the 1960s Where she took a classroom of children and she said all the children with brown eyes raise your hands and all the children with blue eyes [46:01] Raise your hands and she separated them and She she you can find it on YouTube.
She told all the blue eyed children that they were beautiful, they were smarter, they were more superior than the brown eyed children.
And she conducted this experiment for a week and over the course of the days, the blue eyed children started denigrating and looking down on the brown-eyed children and acting superior.
And then halfway through the experiment, Jane Elliott goes, oh, I made a mistake.
It's the brown-eyed children that are more superior.
And so the whole thing shifted.
And all the children in that class got to feel what it was like to be put down to, you know, have racism towards them.
It was a fascinating experiment.
It's on YouTube if you ever want to watch it.
It's mesmerizing.
It's an interesting experience, but like what the fuck lady, you're playing tricks on kids?
[47:03] Well, I think she was trying to dump she should get your Demonstration, but you're also tricking these kids in the Thinking that way.
Well, I think she was setting the table for them in life saying, Hey, maybe don't think you're better than Anyone were all the same and don't let people tell you you're Better than everyone.
And and it was also a social experiment That was documented too.
So there was a, would you let your kid do that?
Do that kind of experiment?
Yeah, if they didn't know.
Would you let him sign up for that?
Yeah.
And talk shit to the blue eyed kids.
You know what, I'd let my kid do it.
I hope I would've told my kid a long time ago that that would be nonsense and that they wouldn't believe that.
Right, I would teach my kid that, but it's one thing to tell a kid something, and then to let something play out in the real world is it's a different thing.
People, humans have a tendency to get caught up in the fever of things, you know?
Like COVID.
Like COVID, like politics.
[48:00] Like politics.
Like all of this stuff, yeah, people.
Anytime there's any sort of international conflict Yeah, I'll sign in Israel got Ukraine and Russia you have a sect of people that sort of know what's what and then you have a Large sect of people that just get caught up in the furor of it and it's it's scary to see how quickly people are absorbed by it and and caught up in it.
It's frightening.
Well, you've never been to a protest?
No.
Protest feel like a mob.
It feels dangerous.
When there's a bunch of people walk around even if it's peaceful, and they're cheering, especially if they're cheering about something that happened that was violent, and they're angry, and they're demanding something, and they're all marching.
It's like you, I think that ignites in human beings the same feelings of war.
Yeah.
This is my cough button, still busted, Jamie, do you swap that out?
You okay?
It's gonna be a pain to ask the swap that.
We had a cough button.
[49:02] I don't think that's working there yet.
Should I try?
No, no, it's just a flam.
Well, I'm good to go.
I don't need celery.
Please, for no thank you.
Why?
I don't have any tapeworms and I don't enjoy celery.
We're kidding, you're excited with peanut butter.
Do you have any peanut butter?
I don't know.
Hahaha.
This motherfucker might have peanut butter.
How about a cauliflower?
That's not the same thing.
Well, it's got the same letters in it.
No, no, no.
It doesn't have all of them.
It's missing the bee.
I thought you like cauliflower.
No.
Well, now what am I gonna do?
Just put it down.
Well, what were we just talking about before that?
You okay guy.
Yeah, I just got this lemon thing.
Oh, maybe you've got a lemon Maybe Oh, I like that Imagine what they can smell you ever do that noise when you're making love no [50:01] Why not what the fuck are you doing dude?
It his primal women love it should get up and leave no I'm here as an experiment from me to you I want you to try that normal noises next time you're making love not to get into your purse I respect yours personal space but doggy style right by her ear Carl just started barking.
Listen to Carl.
Listen to Carl.
Wow.
Have you ever seen Carl do that?
It's Carl I've done that before.
So a few noises in here.
I've been walking up by his.
Wow.
He's fired up.
That is crazy.
Look, he really believes.
I have a calling dogs, is that thing?
Yeah.
I'd have a really good career in called dogs.
What's your your growl?
What's your growl?
What's your growl?
What's your growl?
What's your growl?
What's your growl?
What's your growl?
[51:01] What's your growl?
Oh Dude you gotta call believes it you gotta try that with your wife Sorry Carl oh god, he thinks he's walked into a wolf pack Yeah, he's like someone's gonna eat me.
This is bullshit.
These guys have been pretending to be my friends I've been let me bite their fingers the whole time they're setting me up dude.
I'm telling you try caro try that with the wife Okay, we got it Poor Carl Poor doodle Carl poor Carl.
He's like what the fuck that's a good good noise Thank you Where'd you where'd you acquire that skill because I learned it when we had I went out of puppy I would I would try to I like to communicate to animals in their own language if you can right do you have dogs?
Yeah, do you just talk to him you don't do that hardly ever barks He very very very rarely barks hill bark if he has to go outside like if he has diarrhea [52:01] He'll bark like right you're by the door and go, oh fuck, Chad help me out.
Whoa.
Or he'll bark if he sees something.
He used to, what he used to bark.
Carl's done, huh?
Wow, he's terrifying.
He's time.
No, he wants to bite us, man.
Ooh, blue gangster.
He'll, you remember those inflatable snowmen that people would have on their front lawn yeah around Christmas time.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, he barks at those What your dog why?
He thinks it's a thing he like like what's it tell me there's a big animal there.
He's like letting me know Yeah, he's like dad What the fuck is that dad?
It's a Yeti like one of those a vulnerable snowman.
I bet he thinks it's a bear I bet it's just like I bet in a dog's mind There's a shape that is two arms that stands up big and you go bark Yeah, yeah, and I got to go do that.
It's just that's a snowman.
Don't worry about it I love it that your dog has a diarrhea bark.
He has a I got to go out now bark, but you said diarrhea Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, same thing [53:01] It's basically hey I got it Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
It's basically, hey!
I got the ride!
Hey!
Let's go to Taco Bell.
I got a funny video that I'll send to Jamie and then we'll watch it because it was him last night.
Because last night he hadn't gone out in like four hours and there was thunderstorms outside.
And when there's thunderstorms outside, he fucking freaks out.
He freaks out like I can't watch TV with him when when there's Thunderstorms he just like yeah when we watch TV together.
Yeah, we we sit on the couch and we cuddle So I sit like this and he like puts his head like on my lap.
What kind of dog is a golden retriever?
Oh yeah Sweetest dog of all time.
Yeah, perfect.
Sometimes I don't even hear it, you know, because I'm watching the movie, but all of a sudden, who just runs, whoah, whoah, whoah, whoah, whoah, whoah, whoah, whoah, whoah, whoah, whoah, whoah, whoah, whoah, whoah, whoah, whoah, whoah, whoah, whoah, whoah, Last night, he had a pee.
I'm like, I know you have to pee.
[54:06] It's like midnight.
Come on, bro.
Look at this.
He kept jumping at me.
He kept jumping at me.
Look at him.
He's so potted.
This is all just because of the lightning.
Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
Oh, I should have passed the bus.
He's shining I He's jumping happy He's just all he does is just jump at me But normally he'd just go out and pee 100% The lighting was literally never does this wow, but he's wagon his tail He loves it.
I mean he's excited right?
He's does tails not between his legs But he's just freaked out.
Maybe he's got the diarrhea, but he's afraid to start so he doesn't get electrocuted Yeah, wow [55:02] Come on go potty Marshall please go potty He wouldn't pee I had to bring him back in the house.
He just wouldn't not pee He just was just wanted to jump up and just freaked out He wanted to make sure that I was okay Like I'm with him you're okay like he wants to be on top of you when the lightning's happening weird Yeah, he's just like who are we okay?
I'm like, we're okay.
Like, as long as I'm okay, he thinks it's okay.
He's like, we gotta get the fuck outta here.
Like, his instincts are like, we're not supposed to be out in the open.
This is dangerous.
Wait, how old is he?
Seven.
Oh, so you'd years ago and he'd never really saw lightning.
Like very rarely do you see lightning in California.
Yeah, you're right.
And we're here thunder.
Yeah, you're very very very rarely do you have those kind of crazy storms that you're out here.
The storms they have out here are fucking wild.
Yeah.
[56:04] Some guy posted a video yesterday, Jimmy, on Instagram of his car getting destroyed by Hale in Texas.
Like some insane, like four inch Hale chunks.
You see his windshield shattering, his back windshield, windshield got blown out while he's driving.
He's like, this is insane.
He's watching his car just get destroyed.
It's rocks, just rocks dropping out of the sky.
Yeah, sometimes I think they actually puncture right through the roof, like through the metal.
Oh yeah, you gotta think of how far, if you've got a four inch chunk of ice that's hurling from space, like it's basically in the clouds.
Look at that.
Oh wow.
What the fuck dude?
That looks like Jeff Kennedy's car.
He had a convertible.
Oh yeah.
He broke windows.
Wow.
Yeah.
Fucks these cars up.
Whoa he's fingering it.
I got it's, I wonder how many people get killed by Hale every year.
There's a good question.
Looks like they got a kill.
What What kills more staff or hail?
I don't know, but I know they say about, uh, I [57:07] Think they say 12 to 30 people a year.
This is for real yet killed by a falling coconut 150 Well, or 150 people a year 150.
Yeah.
Yeah, I've gone up We were talking about like things that kill people, but they like inflate numbers.
Like marijuana kills zero.
Coconut's falling on people's health.
That's kill 150 people.
We're not outlawing coconuts.
Yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
Can you imagine getting killed by a coconut?
It was suck.
What a way to go.
It's not good.
It's not a good way to go.
Especially if you're like person yeah everything's going great like if Steve Jobs had gotten killed by a coconut or is a little I'm not asking you know I must have killed by a coconut yeah you would know what believe it like yeah I made that coconut yeah yeah yeah while dangerous according to the N O A A oh since 2000 only four people have been killed by hail wow oh.
Oh, wow.
How many people could you kill every year by lightning?
[58:06] Let's guess.
Okay.
60.
I'll say.
I don't know why I said 60.
200.
200.
Worldwide?
Globally.
Globally.
Yeah, you're probably right.
20 in the US.
20 in the US.
Wow.
Every year.
So what does a globally?
Got a figure that Chinese are getting picked off by because they got billion, right?
You got the odds are and they have skyscrapers the living skyscrapers.
I'm just kidding long.
Why was gonna get it?
24,000 wow 24,000 a year.
Yeah killed by lightning.
Well, we were both way off.
Wow Whoa, it was a lot less than I thought would be in America.
Yeah.
60 is what I thought in America.
Wow.
Have you ever been hit by lightning?
No, but my friend Remi has.
Remi, did he live?
Yeah, he lived.
He was here on the podcast a couple days ago.
Oh, [59:00] shit.
He got hit by lightning.
I think when he was in high school I think it made him deaf for a little bit.
I really fucked him up.
Wow Yeah, he didn't realize what happened.
He just woke up on the ground and That a piece of together that he got hit by lightning Yeah, electronic charge going through the air Unbelievable.
Have you seen what's going on right now in?
Where is it where there's these, is it Uruguay?
Where is it where there's insane lightning storms that are coming out of that volcano?
Oh yeah, I saw that.
It's a different kind of lightning.
So it's the particles, the charged particles that are being released by the lava ignites with the air somehow, we'll get to that.
Yeah released by the lava ignites with the air somehow will get the smoke.
It's a different kind of light.
The steam that the particles get caught in the steam, the translucent.
And it makes these insane lightening shows.
Like look at this.
Yeah.
Indonesia.
Yeah.
But it's been going on like a lot lately.
[1:00:03] Like even during the day, there's a lot of films on TikTok and Instagram and stuff about it.
Bro, that is so bonkers.
That mean if you were alive 5,000 years ago and you saw that, you're like, oh, Satan, that's where Satan lives.
Satan's back.
Fuck, he's back.
Dude, I got news everybody.
We're fucked man.
Satan's back.
Look, look at the mountain Satan landed on the top of the mountain.
He's there with lightning and shit like you You saw this You'd be like okay, that's where Satan is Well 100% you would think yeah, that's where Thor is.
Yeah, that's where the God of thunder is That's where the bells above live.
Yeah, look at that what you would 100% Sauron lives up there Well, you know I have sauron people don't know that lightning comes up out of the ground, too Did you know that Joe doesn't really yeah lightning comes people just think all lightning comes from and I'm not talking of Alcano I'm talking regular time so you could get it right up there If you're in the wrong spot you could get a bolt up your arse [1:01:01] But for real he imagined you could just your nuts blasted by lightning.
Ford to me, tree.
How bad would that suck?
Just be walking along in the field, going, wow, what a beautiful night.
Bang.
From the ground.
Yeah, that's true.
Right to your sack.
Yeah, do you have any pitches of that?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah-j.
Out to your head.
J-j-j.
Three your balls out to your head.
Yeah.
J-j-j-j.
Just cooked.
Cooked.
Cooked.
Never be the same again.
Cooked.
What was that noise you did at the end now?
That's the nuts.
Like, you've got to think the electricity's going through the ground in your nuts and like out the top of your head Just imagine your whole body like captured by this lightning It would be like stepping on a land mine, but you didn't blow up you just it just can look at that Oh, you're not out of the ground lightning trailing from ground to clouds in slow motion.
Now while [1:02:05] That's insane.
It's like an etchous sketch People don't really know these things and that's why it's important you have me on the show I'm really glad twice a month type of deal.
I'm really glad you're here for this Yeah, how cool that looks in slow motion.
That's what's really happening.
Fuck it.
Look at that right out of the ground That's as big as any lightning strike you'll see coming out of the sky.
God damn, that's amazing.
Yeah, that looks a lot like the metri I gotta say.
Oh, little branches.
And this is all in slow motion.
Look how quick those little branches flicker off in the corners in the size.
That looks a lot like the metri's ultrasound by the way.
I bet.
Yeah.
Just so we're clear.
Lightning is fucking cool.
That's one of the interesting things about living years.
We have these lightning storms.
You get to watch lightning.
Yeah.
Florida.
I think it's one of the most lightning, lightning active places on the planet.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Florida.
Florida's like, this is light curve.
[1:03:01] Hurricane season there.
Yeah.
Like if you're planning to trip to Florida now, like, hey, you know, check that weather.
Yeah, but it can be stunningly beautiful though.
I've been in scenarios where I've been in Florida at night and you got celery juice on me.
And you look out like two, three miles out and there will be active storms going on in the cumulus, right?
The degenerative molecular charged transphyxiation particles are lighting up the clouds, and it's like you're at a Judas Priest concert covered in mayonnaise.
You got another thing, guys.
Yeah, just a ch...
And it's like all over.
Do you believe in the matrix?
I don't disbelieve in it because if you ever want to have it, I've got this chemically reversed, inverse magnet, magnetron camera.
And one of the things we associate with the matrix is what?
[1:04:00] The numbers coming down in green.
So if you can take a picture, think of it.
Where does that exist in reality?
But if you can go out on a stormy night like that, rain coming down with your magnetized nitronic reverse camera and take a picture while lightnings flashing, think of it.
It's matrix.
What are what are rain drops?
Water.
Right.
But not when you take them with an infrared matronica camera.
What are they then?
You'll see numbers in the you can see it.
Yeah.
Interesting.
If you believe in that stuff.
Well, person got to believe in something.
Do you believe in it?
What?
The matrix.
I don't disbelieve in it.
You know, I can tell you that you've experienced it in real time.
How can you do that?
A little term, Joe Rogan called deja vu.
Mm.
Have you ever experienced deja vu?
Yes.
So think of it.
How can you be in a place that you've never been before?
[1:05:03] You're standing somewhere foreign, somewhere new, and all of a sudden your brain computes that you've been in this exact moment and it's undeniable, right?
How is that happening?
What's not really undeniable?
Well, it is undeniable because you're in it, right?
It's probably a glitch in how you interface with reality.
Therefore, glitch in the matrix.
Well, it's probably how your brain's firing.
Your brain has just like, brain is essentially just like a computer in a way.
There's a lot of calculations that are going on.
So I'm not telling you so you'll have sensors that are being considered different senses or affecting the way you view the world.
And I think it's very possible They you get to have a situation where things just get a little wonky for a second and you think have I Done this before have I done it before but how are you or?
You have done it before and [1:06:02] Every time you do this you try to do it better and You live the same life over and over and over again until you get it right.
A lot of people believe that.
That's a good theory.
It plays into what I'm going for here.
Yeah.
I had a moment in time where I had deja vu.
I'm not going to say where and when because I don't want anyone to interfere with it.
But I've never told anyone this before.
I had a place in time where I was walking, I was going under a bridge, a pigeon flew out, okay?
A child was laughing in the background, like a child, like he, you know, like a giggle, a playground giggle, and a red car went by, you know, like a giggle, a playground giggle, and a red car went by and I was like, I've been here before, a place I'd never been.
So I documented the experience, the time, the place, and I've gone back to that same place [1:07:08] for nine years to the exact same place at the same time.
Check this out.
Red car goes by, bird flies out, pigeon, kid laughing in the background.
But this year something different happened that I'd never seen a feather fell off the bird when it flew out.
So check flew out.
So check this out.
You see the feather?
Don't get ahead of me.
So the matrix must be real.
Well hold on, I got this exam and I have a lot of friends in the science community.
I know a bunch of Scientologists, and I had them analyze this.
Pigeon flew out here.
I'm good.
This is a feather from a great ock.
Do you know what that is?
It's an extinct species of bird from South America.
[1:08:03] Hmm, please.
That's okay, just's put it down.
Well, I think you'd like to touch it.
Nope.
I'm good.
So how does an extinct species of bird drop a feather from a common pigeon?
Who knows, man.
That's it?
That's the animal.
Looks like that animal did really have feathers.
It did, believe me, and I'm holding one right here.
What extinct 350 years ago?
Is that what it was?
Matrix.
Oh, when from healthy to extinct in 350 years, they probably taste delicious.
They're probably stupid and they taste delicious.
That's what happens.
The great ock.
Little cutie.
Can that thing even fly?
No, it sounds like a bullshit story if the How's that feather get there?
Well, this is what I'm saying.
This thing lives near the ocean the matrix You just found a feather that made someone drop it floated off of the pigeon that for nine years [1:09:00] Maybe not maybe it just was near where the pigeon was and it was flying through the air because someone had an Ock like taxidermy in the apartment building and that feather just kept drifting in the way and just Coincidentally as the pigeon was passing that feather was making its way I like my god look would fell off the pigeon an ancient extinct Ock feather but meanwhile was just someone was in an apartment building with taxidermy of the arc, and they had the window open, the fan on.
Two Shay.
You never know.
Could be magic though.
Could be.
I like what I'm hearing.
Did you think this is the matrix?
Like if this is a simulation, what does it say about your choice?
I'd like how you've chosen to exist in the simulation.
I don't know that we have a choice.
You don't think so?
Well, the matrix is numbers, it's mathematical, so do we really have a choice?
Did we have a choice that we were conceived?
Did we have a choice that are?
We don't think we did, right?
Maybe we do.
Or maybe it's inevitable.
You know, maybe there's just this mathematical cycle [1:10:03] of atoms and protons and molecules interacting with each other.
And just this is the way it's always going to go.
It's going to go this way the same way over and over and over again.
And the only thing different is that you get to learn from your past mistakes, at least some way in the essence of your being, and do a better job of existing this next go around.
I don't know that we have and do a better job of existing this next go around.
I don't know that we have to do a better job.
I don't think we have a choice.
I think evolution just takes us.
We're just hanging on to bear's tapeworms at this point.
You know?
Yeah, but if you live the same life over and over and over again, you're gonna go through the same nature interaction over and over again.
It's not gonna be like a differently evolved world.
You're gonna live the same thing over and over again.
I give you thought about it, like you and I.
How old do you?
Wow.
I'm 56, how old are you?
61.
Are you really?
Yeah, for real?
Yeah.
You look really good.
[1:11:00] Thank you.
You do, you look really good.
Except the scars.
You look really good.
Except the scars.
You're a little beat up.
I've been rolled by a grouse.
We have gone through one of the weirdest lives.
You know, and if the simulation is real, and if you wanted, if the simulation wanted you to go through the most profound changes that human beings have ever experienced in the time of their life, just in how people interface with the world.
You and I have done that.
We exist.
We were born in a time where there was no internet and you got your news from television and everybody had a sort of a limited understanding of the world.
You could bullshit your way through most things because nobody could Google you.
Nobody could get a book on you.
You couldn't just run to the library and find out if Mike was telling the truth about his war stories.
You had to just build up the people.
Yeah, the microfiche things.
Everything was possible.
The world was a different place.
You know, then there's answering machines and cell phones and then the internet comes along and now we're living in a fucking insane world [1:12:01] where AI's about to take over.
Like if you were gonna pick a timeline to go through, if it wasn't real, and you wanted the most profound adventure, you've chosen that.
Yeah.
You've chosen the most profound changes that people will experience in a relatively safe timeline, relatively safe in comparison to like the Genghis Khan days or the days of the Roman Empire, like this relatively safe in comparison to like the Ginghis Khan days or the, you know, the days of the Roman Empire, like just relatively safe in comparison.
But profound changes for this moment.
Yeah.
And we're accelerating so rapidly, Joe, that things are going to be at a whole nother level quickly where we're going to be looking in the rear view mirror and going, oh, yeah, AI.
Remember that?
Yeah.
There's gonna be something that takes us to the next level.
And then another level after that, we are gonna transcend so far that I don't even know what humans and humanity looks like in a thousand years, if not less.
[1:13:01] Oh, not, I don't think it's even 50 years.
Yeah.
That's what's crazy.
You and I are living through the weirdest time ever.
Yeah, because it started like we kind of had in high school for us.
It was the Texas Instrument calculator.
Yep.
Was the mind blower.
Yep.
Then we got a facts machine like 15 years later insane.
And then we got the the laptop, the home computer and then the internet and that was again like a decade in between and cut to smartphones and it's been about what 15 years with them now.
Yeah.
Now AI and it's just like everything's happening exponentially quicker.
I remember I was on news radio with Dave Foley in the 90s.
Dave Foley's a big computer internet technology.
He loves that stuff.
Yeah.
And at the time he was the first person I ever met who had a laptop.
Okay.
So he had a laptop back then was one of those Mac laptops, the black plastic ones back in the day.
[1:14:02] And he had this app running in the background where it gave him constant news.
He's like, look, if I keep it connected to the internet, it constantly gives me news.
Yeah.
And I was like, whoa, you get your news from the internet?
This is crazy.
So it's like all the news stories of world events.
And so when I look back now and how we're just inundated, like constantly inundated with like world conflict stories, world events, world problems, world environmental crisis, world starvation, world floods, like world volcanoes with lightning, like oh, it's gonna never fucking, I remember that moment, that very moment when I was looking at Dave's laptop and I was like, wow.
The internet just gonna feed you the news in real time.
You don't have to tune into the news, you don't have to go buy a newspaper.
This was like this profound moment for me where I still looked back at that day and I thought that was the first time I ever saw like a baby, a baby supercomputer.
[1:15:02] Oh, look at the baby, the baby.
The news.
And ironically, you're on a show called news radio.
Crazy.
Very wrong.
Very, very.
Very, very.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm excited to see where, where it goes.
Cause I think the next, the next evolution of this could be tractor beams.
It could be particle movers.
It could be, you know, as ridiculous as it sounds, the transporter beam on Star Trek.
I feel like, you know, maybe 50 years, maybe a hundred years, people are gonna look back and go, wait, you went to a place called an airport?
You got on a tube and flew 18 hours to Australia.
Like, I think we're gonna be at a place one day where maybe they can rearrange our molecules and particles and be must.
I feel like if we can imagine it, it's gonna happen.
Yeah, I bet it's gonna happen.
I mean, cause think of it.
It was funny that Star Trek figured that out, but they didn't figure out computers, [1:16:01] and they didn't figure out cell phones.
They had walkie talkies, remember?
Well, they had the communicators.
Over.
Yeah, but it was a walkie talkies.
It wasn't.
It wasn't.
Got diarrhea, something, some pepto, bismolimadie play.
But it wasn't, you couldn't both talk.
Like if you and I were on a phone call, you would miss up Harlan, hey, what's up, Are you over yeah, and there was no video component yet those idiots in you now face down Don they got to get back to the future.
They didn't have nothing dumb asses Yeah, remember that yeah, that's it twirly thing you look at that I should trip like kaleidoscope and who knows what those buttons we have yeah, it doesn't even label I actually think I think I'm the beach.
I think it's an electric razor if you ask me I think it's straight bullshit.
Yeah, I think it's a garage door opener I like how it had to flip close though.
I just love that about old phones when you can hang up Oh, I love that Shut the fuck off you Yeah, like those razor phone Grudge door.
I remember I had one of those razor phones.
I thought I was James Bond [1:17:02] Yeah, you could express yourself with them but now the razor phone was the shit.
Yeah, what did that one do?
It was just this thin little beautiful piece of metal.
And it didn't, it had a terrible battery life, unfortunately.
Because most phones had insane battery life back then.
You could phone would last for days.
Right.
You know, because like the phones now, they just have so much electronics and this beautiful screen and high resolution is doing things, you're playing games on it and you're taking pictures, you're battery, but still, you're battery's good for like a day.
That was this shit.
I had one of those, I thought I was in space.
Well, I also liked the little side saddle.
Did you have the holster on your belt?
I tried that, I couldn't do it.
I felt like such a dork.
And it's coming from a guy where's a fanny back?
Yeah, right.
And you like to play with guns, you have guns.
I don't play with guns, sir.
But this phone right here for me was the fucking shit.
I could never imagine seeing somebody with one of those today.
[1:18:00] I would be like, what are you doing with that thing?
But aren't they bringing them back?
Dev at everyone.
But the new one is like a new phone.
It's like a modern phone.
The new one folds.
Yeah, I got that.
But it has like apps.
It's essentially a regular phone.
Yeah.
But it does close and it's real slim.
Like look, it looks pretty similar.
Oh, I think you might open it up.
Would you do it?
I thought about switching to Android just because I don't like being trapped in the Apple ecosystem.
I don't like the idea of it but Google does a lot of like really shady stuff with with there's there's different things they do that I don't like and one of the things they do is, like if you look at, what was their most recent declaration, they were talking about censoring things in a time of social problems.
Remember that, Jamie?
They would reserve the right to censor information [1:19:01] under certain circumstances.
Some of the Google ads though, didn't it?
It had something to do with Google ads, yeah.
There's things that I don't like in terms of search results, curation, because that's the thing that Google does, that Robert Epstein has been working on for a long time, like showing that when you, like say, if you Google a presidential candidate, right?
If you Google a candidate that's Democrat you'll get You know especially someone who they want to win you'll get like a lot of positive stories that come up first And you have to go deep if you want to find something about corruption or accusations or anything like that Yeah, but if you do Google or a public in it'll go right to that now I'm not saying this is just an example.
I'm not saying you could find that.
But his research shows this and I'm doing a bad job of paraphrasing it because they don't remember exactly what it said.
But essentially his claim was that in curating search results, you can have an impact on elections.
In curating search results and putting positive things for the people that you want to be elected in the prominence of the search result.
[1:20:06] If it's not an organic search result, if you actually are curating it, you can affect the way people feel about candidate and that will affect the election results.
Okay.
And so that's an issue, that's Google.
Yeah, yeah.
So I have an issue with that and Google is answering.
I agree, I hate that.
But I also have an issue with the Apple Waldgarden.
And I think there's a lawsuit going on right now about that, whether we're trying to get people to, you know, because of eye message and, you know, FaceTime and all this stuff, doesn't work on other phones.
Oh, right, right, right.
FaceTime does sort of, but you have to take a few steps and that's a new thing.
A new thing is like if you FaceTime someone on an Android phone, they have to take a few steps to do it.
Okay.
I wonder how that works.
I've never tried that.
Have you ever tried that?
I haven't tried it.
Let's try it right now.
Okay.
FaceTime Brian Simpson.
Okay.
FaceTime Brian Simpson.
I'm in a FaceTime OJ Simpson.
Yeah, it gives you like a What's that?
It thought it thought we're really asking [1:21:08] I should reach out to them Is it it didn't give me a link to send where's the link?
I think it's up on the top like with the other buttons are no pull off so I didn't work So I have to how do I do it if I want to send him a text?
Face time Brian Simpson face time OJ Simpson How do I do it if I want to send him a text?
FaceTime Brian Simpson.
FaceTime O.J.
Simpson.
Okay, send.
What the fuck, you piece of shit?
Oh, wow.
What's this?
It hurts rent a car.
Hold on, be quiet for a second.
Well, shut the fuck up.
Well, FaceTime Brian Simpson.
Okay.
All right, I said join my FaceTime Brian Simpson Okay, all right.
It said join my FaceTime all right.
I sent it to him.
Let's see if it works So let's see what he has to do who's Brian Simpson.
He's a hilarious stand-up comedian That is performing tonight the comedy mother ship.
Oh also he [1:22:01] Just released a special on Netflix.
That's amazing.
Wow.
That he filmed at the mothership.
So it says invite scent.
We should call him and tell him what's going on.
Who Brian?
Yeah.
Okay, this is just holding me up here.
It's not done.
Call Brian Simpson.
All right, here we go.
Hello.
Hey, brothers, Joe.
I'm on a podcast right now.
You're live on the podcast with Harlem Williams.
We were talking about how Apple keeps people from being able to use certain features like I message and FaceTime and I was saying that you can FaceTime someone that has an Android phone but there's a bunch of steps they have to take.
I don't know how to do it.
So we're trying to figure out how to do it.
I'm gonna FaceTime you right now, okay?
All right, I'll FaceTime you in like two seconds.
[1:23:01] Bye.
Cool.
FaceTime Brian Simpson.
All right, I sent him, joined my FaceTime.
Let's see how that works.
So here it goes.
We'll see how this feature works.
Now, and I know all you Android doorks, I know that there's other shit that you could use to do this like WhatsApp.
And I guess you could use Instagram, right?
Don't people use Instagram for video calls?
This is not so fluid.
Yeah, if I wanted to FaceTime you, because you're a little Apple fanboy over there, you're a little bootlicker.
Hell yeah, yeah.
I could just FaceTime you.
I'll let that do you part.
And it would work instantly.
See, he's got this invite.
Yeah.
This takes so long.
Like it ruins the spontaneity about a fun FaceTime call.
A fun FaceTime call you're at a concert.
Dude, what's up?
Look where we are.
And ironically, his initials are BS because this is BS.
This is bullshit.
Yeah.
This is like straight bullshit.
Would you ever shoot your cell phone [1:24:02] like just to get your friends to like with a full high powered rifle?
Yeah, we used to take them out to the range and shoot hard drives and cell phones.
No, that's a good way to get rid of stuff Boom 300 wind mag at a hundred yards.
Oh, it's amazing what it does to a cell phone.
Oh Do you line it up in a scope?
Of course.
Yeah, I can't see that far.
Wait, how far?
Actually, 100 yards.
Wow.
Yeah.
There's a video of it, I think, that didn't red band have a video?
Yeah, we made a video.
Yeah.
Did you ever shot a machine gun?
Yes.
And?
Elation?
Um, it's kind of interesting.
It's scary.
It says I'm waiting to be let in.
This piece is shit.
Yeah, I forget it.
I'm gonna tell him forget it.
Yeah.
What is it doing here?
It says join.
Is it working?
Waiting for others.
No, this is a more shit.
It doesn't work.
I'm telling forget it, bro.
[1:25:03] So, bitch.
See, but this is the thing that people are complaining about.
Yeah.
That it forces people to think you're a fool for having an Android phone.
So you just go out and get an iPhone and iPhones have dominated the market because of that.
Yeah.
So, like, I think the numbers are with young kids, the numbers is like, it's something like 80-something percent of kids have iPhones.
Yeah.
So the kids that don't have iPhones, they get left out of iMessage group chats, they get taut shit too.
Oh, you poor, you got an Android phone.
Yeah, it's a class thing.
It's a class thing.
It's weird.
It's a weird thing.
I don't like it.
What do you think the evolution of cell phones already?
I think it's like neuro-length where we're just like, you know, we're thinking our communicative thoughts or what's your thought on that?
Yeah, 100% or really?
Yeah, that are awareable.
Maybe something that like you wear and it touches your temples.
[1:26:00] Right, because the concept that we're, we're back so as saying about flight Mm-hmm like wait you guys carried these boxes around and yeah, held them to your head Yeah, well, I mean just this alone was magic a hundred years ago if you brought this a hundred years back People would think you're the craziest wizard.
Oh, yeah, I have the answers to all questions Yeah, oh my god people in 2024 must be so smart and they come to play to like a magic convention.
Yeah.
You see Robert DeNiro getting yelled at and look, he's doing a fucking press conference.
He'll never leave.
Like, what is this?
What is he point?
This is to I don't know, but this is people in 2024.
Whereas if you gave this to people in 1924, they're like, there's no way everyone will have the world solved.
Once they have these, oh my god, then they have all the information.
And then people will know exactly what everybody looks like.
There'll be no more catfish.
Still chaos.
Well, and now there's filters that you could use where I, from just a small snippet of your [1:27:01] conversation on this podcast, I think they need about 30 seconds, 30 seconds of your voice.
And then I could pretend to be you, like just talk like this and the audience would see you with what you're wearing, the way your hair is, everything in your voice.
So everything that I say, like me saying this right now, it would be you saying this right now.
Your voice, your face, your body, everything looks like you, all through AI.
Whoa.
So there's no fucking way to know what anybody is saying that's not true.
And then there's a big issue right now with celebrities, especially women, they're making porns with them.
Oh, they're, they're, they're, they're, they just change.
Super imposing like like, like, celebrities face on.
Oh, they're they're they're they're they just changed super imposing like like Celebrities face swap with AI So this porn stars having sex with this person you face swap Natalie Portman or fucking Angelina Jolie and now you have a a real [1:28:05] Realistic looking sex tape of famous people getting fucked so I I could see Judge Judy plowing the pizza.
Judge the boy just sucking cock like it's going out of style.
Like the closing sale.
Wow, imagine Judy Dent in a pool boys video.
That's Judy Dent.
Remember the British actress?
I do not.
M from what's her name?
Dent.
Judy Dent.
Bench.
Dent.
the British actress.
I do not.
Am from what's her name?
Judy, Dinch.
Bench?
Dinch?
Oh, there she is.
Imagine her in a pool boy.
Oh, she was so hot.
Oh, no.
She was young.
She's so pretty.
No, I mean, now.
But look at her, what's her name?
She's so pretty.
Imagine her rubbing chlorine all over a pool boy.
Time is a ruthless bitch, isn't it she puts the net over his head.
I'm trying not to imagine I'm trying to power through this She's 89 years old give the woman her do give her her respect son of a bitch.
How about I give her a check for clean in the pool Wow getting stuck in the dryer Whoa, so looking for something I can pull me pull me I can't get out [1:29:01] Stuck in the dry is my favorite you've seen the dryer porns are my favorite because it's so ridiculous.
You can get out of the dryer, like anyway, did you?
I love it when they've told her.
I was pretty big.
When they pulled her head out and there's a cling-free sheet on their head.
Yeah.
They got a mouth full of lint.
Looks like they've been blowing an elf.
Yeah.
I was stuck in here.
Thank you for saving me.
You know what, I tried the dryer sex once and I accidentally, I was so impassioned, I hit the tumble cycle.
Oh wow.
And so imagine being in your woman and she starts swirling around and you're holding on like a horse, a rodeo horse.
It was some of the best sex I've ever had.
Did you stay still while she spun?
That would be the moon.
She spun.
I just held onto her muffin top.
And we swirled around like, Did you get any concussions?
She did.
Yeah.
Holy God.
We're not banging around there.
Oh, her head came out.
She looked like this cauliflower.
But I had one of the best orgasms I've ever had in my life.
That's a one-time deal, right?
It's hard to trick her into doing that again.
[1:30:05] Well.
I'm a women-like adventure.
Yeah.
What's the weirdest place you've ever done it?
Your house.
That was you?
Wow.
Thought I heard that dog growling under the bed.
Errrr.
Yeah, I was doing it under the bed.
Errrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr One time we got eaten up by mosquitoes, like our whole body, both of our bodies is covered in mosquitoes.
So we're so retarded, we got naked in the woods in July in Massachusetts.
Wow.
Yeah, but you're fucking 17, you know what I'm doing?
You're crazy.
Wild kids.
A lot in the woods?
Yeah, well, there was always, [1:31:00] woods were always there.
Now, there was a place when you were kids, you could just go to the woods, get out and just bring a tower or blanket or something.
Just a lot of woods.
Yeah, but the woods are scary, because anything in the woods is scary.
Things in the woods become scary, even if they're not scary anywhere else.
Like a baby, a naked baby in the woods, just staring at you.
It's fucking terrifying.
There's no other place where a naked baby is scary.
Like if you walk it out of the street, you see a naked baby like, oh my god, whose baby is this?
Does anybody know whose baby is it?
He's a little guy, hold on.
And then you'll call the police, pick up the baby, and the woods are like, we're gonna die!
It's a fucking naked baby, just tear it at us.
If it's hanging upside down from a red pine, tear it Red pine staring at you.
That's pretty creepy.
Yeah holding on by its feet.
Yeah, a bag.
Yeah, if you saw a baby in the woods Just staring at you fucking terrifying.
Yeah any other place But baby so the woods are automatically scary.
Yeah, it's you're scared that you're gonna get caught So that's exciting.
Yeah, we're not gonna get caught.
Don't worry.
We're gonna go deep in the woods [1:32:01] What about the city though?
You ever do it in a crazy place in the city?
Not really you.
Sewers?
You ever go in the sewer?
You ever go in a manhole?
How a little farmhouse?
In a ferris wheel once.
Really?
Yeah.
Whoa.
You were worried you were gonna be at the bottom and wouldn't be able to stop?
Well that was cool.
We would time it so that when we came down, it was like hands off and then we'd swirl.
So it was like kind of this really fun sort of start and stop thing.
And then one time I'm not kidding, the guy sort of recognized me and we were having the guy here, the carny who ran it, like when I got, oh dude, I love you, right?
And so we were having so much fun, but we weren't finished.
And so as he was letting everyone off, I said, just leave us on, just please, just go, okay, I got you.
And we just like finished swirling.
Yeah.
Congratulations.
Did you ever do it in the swirling teacups at Disney Land?
Imagine if you did.
[1:33:01] How?
Boy, imagine throwing it up right when you come.
I feel amazing.
Because even though throwing up sucks, it feels amazing when you have to throw up and you finally do.
It's purging.
Oh, you know that feeling?
Like last time I threw up was about a year ago and it was in the middle of the night.
I got up and I was like, I feel like I'm going to fucking puke.
Yeah.
I just I didn't feel good going to bed and in the middle of the night I was like whoa and I woke up and I got Went into the bathroom to pee or throw up and I was like oh boy.
They might both happen at the same time Oh, and I held the pee Yeah, just like yeah, and then I peed right over my throw up.
I don't give a fuck dude.
Wow.
That's how wild wow I didn't even but much I just pissed on the throw up.
I just left it.
Yeah.
Surf from turn.
Just a little throw up.
Did you do the thing when you barfed, like, right after you just curled up on the bathroom floor in the fetal position and felt the cool tiles on your naked skin?
Never done that.
[1:34:00] Me either.
I do lay down on the bathroom floor sometimes when I get out of the sauna though.
Oh yeah.
Cause this tile floor, like right when you get out of the sauna, it's 185 fucking degrees or whatever it is.
Yeah.
I like to lay down that cool.
Can you do the ice soaking?
Yeah, I'm gonna be inside my house.
I'm inside my house.
Oh yeah.
I'm gonna be inside my house.
I have one outside too.
I'd love to come over later and sit in it with you.
Yeah, we got one here too.
We got one here.
I'd rather do the one at your house, I think, then you can have dinner too.
Okay, what do you want to sleep over?
I want mine.
I bet you do.
Well, we're gonna work out in the morning.
No.
You can.
You gonna gonna get the cold plunge?
No.
Come on.
I'd sit nice cream.
In a hot day, the cold plunge feels good for about five seconds.
Yeah.
Hot day, you get in there like, oh fuck.
I jumped in Lake Superior once and it was one of those things.
I probably stayed in about five minutes [1:35:01] and I've never experienced it, but when I got out for about 40 minutes after I was shaking, it was so cold.
Here's a question.
Lakes appear, massive lake.
Used to have glacier, right?
Yeah.
Okay.
Biggest of the Great Lakes.
Most of North America, at one point in time, at least half of North America was covered by like a mile high sheet of ice.
Okay.
So you have this time period after the ice age where all that melts.
How the fuck do the fish get in there?
Yeah.
How the fuck do those fish get in there?
It's a mystery.
That's a really good question.
How those lake trout get in there in the middle of the country.
Yeah.
It's big ass giant lake trout.
How the fuck did they get in there?
What did they just evolve once the water melted?
Yeah.
Where there were their seeds of the fish, and the ice waiting to be melted?
For real though.
Yeah.
That's all ice.
Yeah.
The fish ain't getting in there.
How did they get in the middle of the lake?
The lake is fucking huge.
It's filled with fish.
There is a possibility, it's an extreme one, but I'm trying to answer your question, [1:36:06] that a predatory bird, like an osprey or a gall or some kind of fish eating bird flies from the ocean, caught a fish in a local river or a nearby lake.
But Jason, too.
Where are those nearby lakes if the entire continent is covered in ice?
Yeah.
Well, have you ever been to a, like a farm or anything like that?
And sometimes they have those water troughs that they leave out for the cows, but they've been abandoned.
Or you come to a place where there's like a little puddle in a field or something.
Right.
And somehow there's fish in it.
And there's there's there's no noots and there's aquatic creatures.
And you go, how did they get here?
How did a noot get up an aluminum bin and get down into this ecosystem that's evolved here?
It's fascinating.
[1:37:02] Your question kind of raises the questions for all of creation.
It's, we can look at evolution, we can look at the dawn of time, but it's really, is it ever been answered?
Not totally.
I mean, they don't have an exact time by time, like day by day timeline.
But do they have an answer to how fish got into the great legs?
I can't believe I never asked that before.
I never even thought of it before.
This is a huge body of water of course there's fish in there but if the whole content was covered 10,000 years ago in ice what the fuck happened?
Well you might have to say okay somewhere there was a tributary that came to be from the ocean.
No, it would be from north.
It would be from up north.
Right, but where the fish come from from that?
Hudson's Bay down into superior and the ocean fish.
Maybe you probably swim upriver from the warm areas.
Well, that's what salmon do.
[1:38:00] Yeah, about they swim up area.
That makes the most sense when they got in those lakes.
So those lakes must be connected to rivers, right?
Oh yeah, I have to have to be there.
So they probably swim up into the lake and then evolve to become like these big lake creatures like lake trouts.
Yeah.
Cause lake trouts are fucking huge.
Lake trouts can get huge.
Oh man.
Yeah.
People ice fish them.
Yeah.
That's like a big way of it.
They're fucking crazy looking.
Yeah.
So that thing, you don't really find them, I mean, in the southern areas, right?
Those are in northern fish, aren't they?
Lake trout?
Yeah.
They're sort of a deep water, really cold fish.
And they don't necessarily have to be way up north.
Right.
So if they evolved, so these lakes and streams from the lower part of the country.
Yeah.
Right?
So if you're talking about like New Mexico or something like that, what, some area that wasn't covered in ice, these things swim all the way up the river and then they evolve in this lake to become bigger and to become adapted to the cold, deep water.
[1:39:00] Different species.
Yeah.
It's crazy.
This is the mystery of crazy where we are.
Yeah, and this is about sturgeon where they're like dinosaurs come from these things are what the thousand pounds or more huge monsters.
They look like dinosaurs prehistoric.
They look prehistoric.
Have you ever seen that thing that's in the Amazon that has it has essentially bulletproof scales?
Yeah, they're black.
What is it called?
I've seen papaya.
Yeah, what's up, Jim?
Well, just the way the fish got into Great Lakes is a way deeper store than I've uncovered so far, but the way Sam and got there, specifically in the 60s.
People brought them there.
Yeah, a guy had to bring them there.
Mm, that makes sense.
Fishing became very popular back then.
So a lot of dead fish swimming on the shores for some reason I was trying to find out.
But were there any fish in there before the salmon?
That's the, there had to have been, that's why I was trying to ask you.
Right.
I've seen this image recently, like the depth of Lake Superior specific.
[1:40:00] Holy shit, very deep.
I've fished that like 333 feet.
Fuck.
So there could maybe have been something under there waiting for the ice to melt that came back up.
There's a bunch of stuff saying what he said to was like fish eggs get dropped by other birds and end up in the water.
I got to think the river has a lot to do with it.
But that was it.
So this is like you can't go up Niagara Falls.
That's true.
Right?
Right.
Good.
Yeah.
Good point, Jamie.
That's a very good point.
Right?
How the fuck does it get past those?
God damn it.
Well, the mystery.
Yeah, this is the thing.
We've maybe cracked or uncovered one of the biggest mysteries in humankind.
And no one's talking about it, buddy.
Yeah.
Isn't that incredible?
Yeah, aren't you glad I showed up?
I busted it out.
Wow.
We're the ones.
We're the ones.
Imagine tomorrow, like front page every newspaper, Harlan Williams and Joe Rogan pose serious question as to how fish got in the Great Lakes, and scientists are baffled.
And they also are talking to us, coming to us like, how did you guys realize that fish had to get into the great lakes when the [1:41:05] great lakes used to be covered in a glacier.
You guys are geniuses, untouched geniuses of nature.
And then maybe when Trump gets in for a second term, he appoints us to some sort of a nature advisory board and we give we can be the master ecthologists.
Yes.
We can be the people telling everybody how to fix all these problems with animals and people and but see here's the other layer of this lasagna that we're not talking about.
You're talking about Lake Trout.
Right.
How about the Lake Superior probably has 60, 70 different species of fish.
I fish Lake Superior.
I've got white fish.
I've got Lake Trout.
There's all kinds of fish in there.
Right.
How they get in there?
By the way, I used to work on the shores of Lake Superior.
And there's a plate, you'd like this, because I know you like bears and you like guns and you like, there's a, believe it or not, there's a place on the shores of Lake Superior called Nays Provincial Park, where it's such a desolate place that a World War II, they had a German Nazi prisoner [1:42:06] of war camp on the shores.
Whoa.
And the prisoners, it was so remote, no one could escape, because they would have gone into the Canadian wilderness, but the German soldiers captured somehow a black bear and trained it to box.
They put boxing gloves on it, and the Nazi soldiers for entertainment purposes would box with this black bear.
Jesus Christ.
And they sunk a whole bunch of wartime vehicles in Lake Superior.
Wow.
How many bounties do you think were in Lake Superior?
I don't know, but they might be preserved at so cold.
That's what I'm thinking.
If you went down.
Yeah, if you dropped them all the way to the 1,300 feet, just as creepy skeleton with his 1970s jeans on.
Well, he might not even be a skeleton.
That's what I'm saying.
It's so cold, he might still have flash and just be like your baby in the woods.
Just like, hi, Joe.
[1:43:01] Would you like a you like some cauliflower?
Don't you think something would eat them?
Maybe more lamprey eels.
This thing's alive down there.
Lamprey.
You ever seen a lamprey?
They're saltwater creature.
No, fresh water.
They're in Lake Ontario.
Oh really?
Yeah.
I know they're cleaned the bottom of sharks a lot.
They feed off of what they show.
Those are remoras.
Oh, that's right.
Ramoras by the way.
The lamprey similar to a lamprey is one of the more horrific it has a round it's like an eel with a round suction cup with circular like buzz saw teeth.
It affixes itself on the fish and slowly sucks their interiors out.
Jesus Christ look at what if that was in a movie you would say oh my god.
Yeah.
Glad that's not that's like doing right that's like the worm and doing there is a movie what's a call let me see that one where they do hold it again that's so crazy yeah the land crack fucking mouth man well what's what's amazing is it sucks your insides out and slowly each you alive so it pulls the skin apart and then just sucks out.
No, it literally creates [1:44:06] a hole.
Look at it biting that dude's hand.
Yeah, it puts a hole in the fish and just stays a fix to the same spot and eats its insides out.
They're older than dinosaurs.
Yeah.
Now they're in there in like in the great lakes.
That's crazy.
How the fuck did they get in there?
So that's one attached to a fish?
Yeah, that's on a lake trout right there.
Can you show me that picture, the photo?
Oh, so that's the hole where it was right there.
No, that's it hanging.
Invasive.
Oh, those are the ones hanging.
Yeah, and then see the hole.
You can see a hole where one let go.
And they just, they just Please consume the fish.
Where are they from originally?
It says it's an invasive species.
I don't know, maybe the Amazon.
Does it say?
Wow.
Right, right, but where are they from?
It says it's invasive.
It's a sea lamprey.
Yeah.
They're in the great legs.
[1:45:01] The sea lamprey is invasive, and it can cause problems in the local ecosystems.
It's a lot to do with its size.
Sea rampant are big compared to native species.
So it comes from the ocean somehow or another.
And they can live in fresh water?
That's crazy.
Well, apparently the girl, I think her name is Maria Bell, was the first person to ever swim across Lake Ontario.
And she had to swim through schools of those, apparently, when she swam across Lake Ontario and she had to swim through schools of those apparently when she swim across Lake Ontario.
Oh my god, imagine those little fuckers grab a hole in your asshole?
Yeah, they're the perfect, they almost got assholes suckers for mouths.
Like they're perfect.
I hate to see Demetri around one of those.
So in the 19 fishes, the US and Canada teamed up for population control measures and they have worked several strategies including traps to capture adult lampries, lamprisks to, pressed to, lamprisksize, poison, target sea lamprey larvae and installing barriers or fut tactics to use.
So for working, [1:46:01] what's this saying?
That's a good thing.
Left multiple IC lampries can significantly damage the region's $7 billion fishing industry.
Oh, lampries.
Creepy little fuckers.
Yeah, and then the Ramora.
Yeah, where that thing is.
The Ramora has a suction cup on its head.
So the top of its head is a suction cup.
Look at that.
And I was sexually assaulted in Florida.
I had been eating a bacon sandwich and spilled some on my lap and went swimming and that thing sucked me for about an hour and a half.
Look at that top of its head.
Well, someone's not paying attention.
I'm paying attention.
Why does sexual assault and you glazed your joint over?
I didn't believe you?
Well, it's the last it too long.
I can show you the suck my like 30 seconds.
I said, oh my god, that thing clung to his leg for 30 seconds.
But I maybe I wanted to last remember you're talking to the dryer sex guy here.
Right.
The guy with the the baby.
Do you know that the Spanish is a sucker fish latches to swimmer?
[1:47:00] Whoa.
There you go.
Let's say it's hot.
But you know the Spanish fisherman, you know, there was a time when you could eat sea turtles.
Right.
And the Ramora will swim to whatever's moving because they feed off of, they're like parasitic fish when the shark eats, they'll catch all the scraps.
So Spanish fishermen, to their ingenuity, they used to eat sea turtles.
And when they'd catch a remora, they'd keep it alive in the boat.
And when they saw a sea turtle, they'd put it on their line, throw it in the water.
The remoras would go to the sea turtles, stick on the shell, and they'd reel in sea turtles.
It used to be able to eat them, yeah.
That's how they get...
No, you're making this up.
No, that's for real.
This was in the past.
They clung to the sea turtle, and that's how they pulled this.
They used it like a magnet to the sea turtle.
Yeah, you saw the size of the sucker on its head, right?
So it would stick to the sea turtle, and then they could, Pull in the yeah see there's Yeah, so if you want to go fishing for sea turtles later let me know that's crazy.
Yeah [1:48:09] Some good suck and going on in the ocean they should take the sea turtles and flip them on their back and put them in the bottom of the ship And then when they wanted to eat one they just pick it up because if you flip them on their back They can't turn over so they just lay there.
Yeah, and they could stay alive for a long time without food or water.
Yeah, because they're herb-breather's.
Yeah, so you just leave them in there.
So you want a quick one?
Yeah, throw a leave over it.
Pick it up.
It's like fresh food.
I've seen a bunch of videos of people cooking and eating sea turtles in other countries, because there's like some cooking show or fishing show or some guy went with American, you're not allowed to kill sea turtles.
But in some parts of the world, like their local culture, you know, like in some like some uscoblaces.
Yeah, inuits are allowed to eat whale.
They can kill whale, they can kill walrus, seals, all that stuff.
So these people are allowed to kill sea turtles, but there's something like really disturbing [1:49:00] about watching a sea turtle get hacked apart.
Yeah, because they're so gentle.
I know, and there's like, what is happening?
Yeah, they're just like little dummies when we're having a fish.
Like a fish, fish is just like their eyes don't move that good.
They just move around a little.
You're so removed from me, I'm gonna cut your head off and serve you a sushi.
They're so sweet.
That's cute.
Also sea turtles.
Trying to seem tough, but turtles are always good guys.
Yeah.
In movies and like Ninja Turtles, they're the good guys.
Yeah.
Right?
Turtles are like your friend.
Yeah, they're buddies.
Yeah, they're your wives, pal.
The turtles never cuts.
It's never really a country turtle.
Mm.
In like movie There you are wise pal, the turtles never cuts.
It's never really a country turtle.
In like movie depictions.
Yeah.
Do you think of a country turtle?
God.
Remember that giant turtle that fought Godzilla and he like fired up out of his skull?
There he goes.
There's a big old fly.
He was sped around.
[1:50:01] What was his name?
Cunti?
No.
I don't think so.
But like turtles, that's like one of those things that happens with people.
That's why people love bears.
Because you have teddy bears.
You have teddy bears and you got yogi and only you can prevent forest fires, all that stuff.
Bears are your friends, they're sweet.
It's what a great PR campaign.
These murderous assassins have pulled off.
Yeah.
Getting us to like reintroduce them into areas where people are like, what are your friends?
They're not.
They're monsters.
Big ass monsters.
With a good PR campaign.
Polar bears a leech a fast, doesn't know, do anything else.
Here's a fact.
Owls are dumb.
I thought they were wise.
I did too.
I talked to a woman who trains birds.
And she had all these different birds.
She had hawks and parrots and falcons.
She said owls are the dumbest.
There's only one animal, dumber than them.
That's one of those big animals, one of those big birds rather that's dumber than them.
[1:51:01] One of them big birds from Australia.
What are those things called?
E-View?
That's it.
That one's dumber.
Really?
So that's the only animal that's dumber than an owl.
It's just like owls are so dumb.
I thought they were wise.
I had one going outside of my house about two weeks ago.
Keep them awake all night.
And I'm like, how throw a Rubik's cube up into the tree.
It comes back 30 seconds later perfectly done.
So I don't think they're that dumb.
Wow.
I had to be getting autistic kid, living in your tree.
Yeah.
Johnny, I'm trying to sleep.
Come down, Johnny.
He's up there counting out loud.
So check this out Joe He's not doing long map in his head.
He's up there eating celery.
I thousand divided by 16 Beautiful mine [1:52:01] Throws it back to you.
He keeps going on with his math.
I did do a movie once where I played a wizard and I had a Eurasian Eagle Owl.
I think they're the biggest of all the owls.
And they trained it to land on my arm on the big leather glove.
Yeah.
And I'd never worked with owls up close like that.
And the trainer, he was sitting like this with his talons and The trainer said grab the back talon and pull it and I said well, I don't I don't want to hurt the thing You know I see see said no pull it so I I grabbed the back and I you know I gave it a tug and it didn't move and he goes no pull it as hard as you can and you know These are these big claws.
I grab it.
I could not where does you can?
And you know, these are these big claws.
I grab it, I could not move it.
And he goes, this is what an owl's death grip feels like.
When it clanks onto something, it's over.
I could not believe the strength in that towel on it.
It was crazy.
Yeah, I mean, they're raptors.
[1:53:00] Yeah.
They're just wild.
They're claws.
When you see an eagle's claw, when they give you a close-up, and you look like that, it's like a human hand, but with spears of the fingers.
But I didn't understand the strength of them.
It's just like, much stronger than your hands.
Yeah.
Well, imagine what they do when they just snatch a salmon out of the water and fly away with it.
I tried it.
I tried it.
I mean, that's insane.
I mean, that is straight up dinosaur tools.
Look at that.
That's crazy.
Look at all the texture to it, all the muscles and teeth.
What a monster.
And way more powerful than you would think just by looking at it.
Oh yeah.
I actually, if you look at the claws of the osprey, look at that, owls.
Those are fake.
He's got two hands, bro.
That's real.
No, those are real.
No, that's the wise owl.
That's the real wise owl.
That can't be.
I don't know what they're doing.
He reads books with those.
Yeah.
He's up there in the tree reading books.
I think it's the problem with that first thing.
What's wrong with that?
Oh yeah.
[1:54:05] Look up to the internet.
but I was so shocked that owls are dumb.
Yeah, why did it?
Whoa, look at those claws.
Is that the Eurasian eagle owl?
Oh my god.
Great horn.
Great horned owl.
Look at those things.
That's so amazing.
That's what took my Chihuahua.
Did it really?
Yeah, I had a Chihuahua and one of those bastards because they're big too.
Oh, those are fairly big.
So they get a lot of cats.
Imagine my little Chihuahua getting picked apart by that friend.
Wow, I have a friend and he was telling, I think Steven L.
was telling us on the podcast, was he about the, like they found this one owls nest that was filled with like cats, little collars.
Oh wow.
Yeah, it was like 30 different cat colors.
Oh yeah.
It's on like that.
Yeah, that's what.
Yeah, that's what.
The Vuntman, they just snatching cats out of people's back.
Yeah.
And like I said, it's a tabby.
Yeah.
Trap right there.
Pssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss If you hear this, if you hear, whew!
And there, yeah.
You ever heard like the difference between the sound [1:55:07] and the owl makes when it flies, they've done like these, like with they record the noise.
There is no sound.
It's insane.
But silent.
When you see a hawk do it or an eagle do it, there's all those different, different birds have noise and the owl makes like no fucking noise.
The aerodynamics of an hour they're like stealth bombers.
Yeah, just silent.
You know the other wild one is tuna When tuna goes through the water they can go through the water to grab someone and and grab something and they don't even make a ripple Like when they go over the tail of the wall.
It's crazy.
I watch video of it.
It's busy when they jump Yeah, no when they're going through the top of the water.
Oh, I slide through like a night.
Yeah So that's a hawk.
Yeah when they're going through the top of the water, you just slide through like a night.
Like a night, yeah.
So that's a hawk.
Yeah.
I know what's the owl.
It's Ken's his too.
Shhh.
[1:56:01] Nothing.
Silent.
Silent.
Silent nighttime killer.
Nothing silent silent night time killer Dumb is shit big stupid head with giant eyes dumb is shit just fucking killing everything again Other than that dumb are they gonna be smarter than a woodpecker?
I think woodpeckers are way smarter really.
I don't know.
What about a blue hair?
I don't think you'd train a woodpecker's this lady probably has a limited Database to work with.
Everything like she's got on her arm is like a raptor, except for the owl.
Like the Falcons, she said the hardest.
Hawks and Falcons, she goes, they just kill everything.
Like you let them go, they just go find things, they'll kill squirrels, they just like, they're killing machines.
She goes, I let them go, they just find things and kill it like immediately.
Find a bird, kill it, fly up to the bird, kill it.
They come back to her, but they just go kill things first.
Oh, this is a trained phallic.
Yeah, yeah, this is what they're all trained, but it doesn't matter.
Like if you let a hawk go, hawks just go we got to kill?
They just fly around like what?
Oh bird.
Yeah, boom, dead.
[1:57:05] They're not even trying to eat it.
Squirrel, fuck you, bam.
Kill that squirrel.
So sport killing.
Sport killing.
Really?
They're just designed to kill.
Because not a lot of animals do that.
Some animals can't help themselves.
Lions do it to hyenas.
Yeah, but I bet that lion did it to that lady in that car, I bet she was neat now.
I bet that was a little bit of sport.
There's another old video where some like Danish guys going through a lion safari with his wife and kids, and he got out, he was with his camera, and literally the kids and the wife, you see them in the car, going, but his legs are kicking in the air, and the lion just came and devoured him right in front of the wife and kids.
Like the idiot got out.
Some people are just fucking stupid.
Yeah.
That's Darwin, right?
Yeah.
That's the whole idea.
It's like those people are not supposed to make it.
Yeah.
You're not supposed to make it.
But they've already breed.
Brad.
That's a problem.
[1:58:00] Yeah.
At least the that has the benefit of seeing his dad get, like my dad was so dumb.
Like you know, you can have a dumb dad and get through things and be a different person than your dad was.
And if you're a dumb kid and your dad is dumb as shit, your dad gets out and gets eaten by a lion in front of you, that has a profound effect.
I gotta be honest though.
Not even saying that kid's dumb or that, you know, maybe the kids are genius.
Yeah.
You could be, you could have a genius kid, be stupid.
I gotta be honest though, Joe, in this world we live in, where, you know, humans expire primarily, you know, in a hospital bed or at home and round their loved ones, with a disease, with whatever cancer.
Right.
I really would rather die, like jumping a lion.
Like, you know, at the family function, how do you die?
He attacked a lion.
He went out on his shield.
Huh?
Yeah, you went out on your shield.
Yeah.
Like I want to noble the death of like a warrior, right?
[1:59:00] Yeah.
And going back to that story, this is gonna sound ridiculous.
No way.
Yeah.
And I'll go back to that story.
This is gonna sound ridiculous.
No way.
Yeah.
But going back to the story where I told you, I saw the line when my hand was shaking.
There was that terrified part of me.
This is for real.
There were two male lions, no one else in the middle of Africa.
Part of me wanted to jump out of the truck and just run it the lion and attack it, knowing that I die, but knowing that it would be the most glorious death of a man with courage or stupidity, but at least I would die in a fashion where...
In the real world, organic nature, man versus beast, beast versus beast, because I don't like to think of us as superior to other creatures, but it just...
That actually popped into my head.
I thought, I don't wanna expire in the leukemia ward.
[2:00:04] I don't wanna be a hospice't want to expire in the leukemia ward.
I don't want to be a hospice.
Right.
I've lived a good life.
Yeah.
So imagine I just run it alive.
And that last moment I get to see the shock in its face of a human daring to jump on it and grab it.
Yeah.
And they would have been on me in a second, but I don't know.
Is that weird?
No.
Like, have you ever thought how you wanna die?
Well, if you're gonna die, especially if you're older and you know it's soon, what do you say?
Just run at that line.
What if, have you ever thought about that?
No.
Would you be fine just expiring in a hospital bed?
Yeah, that's better than being torn apart in front of your family Yeah, I'm not saying do about your family People that know I'm from your family, but if you just have to get one at one moment like to take you to the line Let's say you're out hunting a gris and one day you just go you know what you put the rifle down and you just run out [2:01:02] I'm gonna go Hmm.
This is how I want to go.
Punching, punching a gris in the face.
No one you're gonna die, but you go out in that wild...
Punching a gris in the face is like an ant punching you.
So like being attacked by a kitten with no claws.
It is.
But you get that moment of being a man, of feeling that power.
You'd rather just, that's a stupid way to do it.
Have a heart attack.
Yeah.
Who's Kai?
That's a stupid way to die.
Well, I mean, it's one thing if you get attacked by an animal when you're out in the woods.
And it's like, hey, this is the price you pay for being in nature.
But see that's the thing you're avert they attack us Why can't we attack them now flip it around?
I like you yeah, okay, maybe I'm even inviting you to come with me to do it If you ever find out that you're gonna die and that's how you want to go I'll go you come with me Yeah, definitely I'll bring a rifle in case you change mine [2:02:05] You wouldn't like as you're running like Joe change my mind boom.
I'll have my cross hairs on him You wouldn't run to the animal with me.
No, no, I'll be there to watch I'm sorry to I love that okay.
It would be a special moment with share I love share I'll be there when you pass over into the next stage of what and but you got to do me a favor Yeah, if like Heaven's real if like there is an afterlife, or whatever it is, just let me know.
Oh, I would.
Come back and tell me.
Come in a dream.
Tell me in a dream.
Yeah.
If you've got a dream of someone who died, and it seemed like super realistic.
Oh.
Yes.
I think I have.
What was it?
It might have been my dad.
Ooh, yeah, I just remember being really sad, like he's gone and there was like this wave of emptiness.
Because my mother did die.
And are your parents still with us?
Yes.
So when my mother died, like this whole formed in my heart, [2:03:02] like it literally felt like a hole.
And it can't close.
Like I can come to peace with it.
His whole form in my heart, it literally felt like a whole.
And it can't close.
I can come to peace with it.
I can be at harmony with the fact that she's gone, but I wasn't even super close with my mom, but the whole that got left in my heart is like, if I focus on it, I can feel it immediately.
And it's that connection to the mother, that the person that brought you into this world, you know, is really, really powerful.
And so in the dream, what happened with your dad?
I can't remember, it's foggy.
What I remember more than the actual moment is that feeling, that feeling of emptiness, that, oh, they're gone, you know, just gone forever.
And it was really sort of this sad, crushing feeling on my soul.
It's powerful.
I had a dream after Phil Hartman died.
Oh.
And it wasn't that long after his death and In the dream I [2:04:07] ran into him and it was very realistic Because we were outside and he had like one of those folding lawn chairs and it was on the ground and I said I said hello and He was explaining to me that him and his wife had worked it out.
You know, this is after his wife killed him.
Yeah.
You were right there too, right?
I wasn't there when it happened.
No, but you were working the show and it happened, right?
Yeah, yeah.
And he laughed about it.
Like, yeah, we had a lot to work through.
But we're good now.
Something along those lines.
And then he sat down on the lawn chair and like fell backwards, like it stumbled backwards.
And then I looked and he was gone.
It was really weird.
Cause then I realized it was a dream.
And then I woke up.
But I remember thinking, like in the moment, [2:05:01] like that seems so realistic.
Like he was like telling me he's okay.
Cause I tried to get him to divorce that lady a bunch of times.
It was working with him.
Yeah, cause he would, they would fight like crazy fights where he would just disappear for a couple.
He would leave the house and he was telling me he wanted to get divorced, but he didn't want the lawyers to take a third.
Because it's like, I was like just keep her.
How about a half?
No, no, no, it's two thirds.
So the lawyer takes a third.
This is what he was telling me.
It's like I go just give her half.
You're always gonna make money.
Just get out.
Be free.
Just be here.
And he was terrified of that.
He was terrified of leaving.
And so when he finally decided to leave, she murdered him sleep.
She shot him and then she shot herself and my friend was actually my friend who was a cop was actually there when she shot herself.
Oh, so that happened when the police approached the house?
Yes.
Yes.
Oh wow.
Yeah.
The police broke into the house to try to save the kids and she shot herself.
The kids ran away from their mom.
He told me so he told I hadn't he told I hadn't done stand up in two weeks after the murder.
I was just, [2:06:06] yeah, I just couldn't imagine anything being funny.
And then I decided two weeks later to try to go to the comedy store.
So I'm at the gas station.
And while I was at the gas station, my friend who was a cop was there.
And I was like, Hey, what's up?
How are you doing?
He goes, Hey, how are you doing?
You good?
And I go, yeah, he goes, you know, I was there.
I go really.
And then he told me the whole story about how he was there and they saw the mom in the bathroom with the gun.
And the kids ran away from the mom when the cops broke down the door because the cops saw her in the bathroom with the gun.
And a lot of times in murder suicides, the mother will kill her children too.
Yes, of course.
Yeah.
And so she was in there with the gun, talking to the kids, and the kids freaked out.
And then when they broke down the front door, the kids ran away from the mom, and she just blew her brains out.
The only good side is they didn't see her do that, I'm guessing.
I'm hoping they didn't see that.
There's no good side.
I mean, there's no good side.
You lose your mother and your father in a murder homicide in one night and you're like, what?
You mean there's no good side.
[2:07:07] With your intuition, like obviously you were advising Phil to get away.
Was there ever a foresight in your head that she would murder him?
Wow.
No, no, no, no, no.
That's funny how we just don't know people.
But first of all, she was also on Zoloft and Cocaine.
And the family won some sort of a settlement with Zoloft.
Not much, but you, there's instances where people mix Zoloft with Cocaine that they have psychotic reactions.
And I suspect that's what was going on.
And she was, they hated each other.
They loved each other and they hated each other.
You know, it's one of those deals.
Like she would insult him publicly.
It was rough, man.
And, you know, I was just saying, like you're a great guy.
Like you don't need to be going through this.
[2:08:01] Like you need to get divorced and have, you know, share custody of your kids and try to set an example and just not, you can't do this.
Like the fighting was so bad.
It was, and he hated it.
He didn't want to be married to her.
He was stuck and I told him, like you can't just stay stuck and just let these circumstances overcome your existence.
Yeah, you know matter how hard it is you have to push through.
So we had a break or we were done filming for a bit until we went back for the next season and one day I woke up and someone called me and told me and then I saw it on the news and it's just like what?
And then everybody was calling everybody and we all got together.
We're like fuck It's just so hard to believe it doesn't make sense.
It's like yeah, how was he or buddy like were you friends with him off set Like did you chum around and stuff?
Yeah actually took me up in his plane once [2:09:00] to Find where I wound up buying a house because I he goes, one of the cool things about flying is like I can show you, because he had gotten his pilot license while we were on the show together.
And so he was always practicing that he bought one of these single engine planes.
It was pretty cool.
And so he said, you wanna come up for a flight?
A flight I'll show you around.
I'm like, yeah, let's do it.
And so we flew around the valley and showed me all these different areas.
And it's like, he was a great guy, man.
Did you?
Sweet, sweet guy.
Given the turmoil in his relationship, were you privy to the knowledge that they had a gun in the house?
No, no, no, I didn't do.
Because you got a, when you're going through something bad with a spouse, I don't think it's good having a gun in the house because someone could flip like that, you know?
I guess, yeah, that's a horrible thing to think.
But I don't even know who's gun it was.
I don't know anything, you know?
I don't know if it was her gun.
I don't know if you knew about the gun.
I don't Yeah, but the dream the dream was so strange because the dream was like him letting me know he's fine It was he was Phil he was laughing [2:10:07] He was like he made some sort of a joke about his wife killing him and That we got through that now and then he sat down on the lawn chair and fell backwards like it slipped back And like I think I looked down at the ground and I looked at him and he was gone and That was like oh, this is a dream and then I woke up Did you feel like closure?
Yeah.
Weirdly.
Weirdly.
It felt like it was him letting me know not to freak out about it.
Yeah, like let it go.
Yeah.
Dude, you're always going to freak out about it.
You freak out about the kids.
Yeah.
The kids is a big one that you just can't imagine what it would be like if that was you, if you were a kid, and then also your mom shoots your dad and then shoots herself, and then it's public.
It's not just that it's this thing that you have to deal with, it's the thing that everybody wants to talk to you about because the whole world knows about it because he was a famous guy.
Yeah.
Well, not only famous, but what really, he was loved, but what really kind of was hard to get your head around is you have this guy [2:11:08] who's an extreme comedy force, right?
And you don't think of joyous sort of comedy people that elicit laughter and violence like that.
And so the fact here is this funny sort of, ha ha ha guy that brought so much laugh and then that kind of ending, it's like it just doesn't fit.
But not only that, it's like, when does the wife kill the husband with a gun?
Yeah, how often is it?
That's so rare.
An execution style in the sleep.
While sleeping, yeah.
Oh my God.
What must have been going through her head too?
So loft and cocaine.
Yeah.
What's Zoloft?
It's an antidepressant SSRI.
Oh, yeah.
Wow.
Yeah, Google the results of the side effects of mixing Zoloft with cocaine.
I think there's a few psychiatric medications [2:12:00] that you, if you mix with alcohol, or if you mix with cocaine, you get really crazy behavior.
Like people just go off the fucking rails.
Yeah.
I don't know even how much control they have.
I don't know what that feels like.
Like what does that feel like?
You're on Zolaft and Koke.
You might be fucking a raving maniac.
Yeah.
You know?
Did you get anything on that?
So So long yeah, like just that name sounds like it's crazy time sounds like it's from the Star Trek Yeah, it sounds like it's like a planet The Zoloft are here.
I went if they named it that to make it seem like it's super advanced like you're gonna take Zoloft Yeah, it's fucking yeah, It just sounds like nutty time.
That's gonna fix it.
Yeah.
That's gonna fix it.
Like if there was a legitimate happy pill that worked like that with everybody, they gave you like sort of like a low dose of MDMA all throughout the day.
Yeah.
It's probably a good thing for everybody.
Yeah.
[2:13:01] Well, this is my side effects.
I'm mixed on that.
Yeah.
Because I think we were bioengineered to have what we have.
And when you, on a daily basis, if you start tinkering with what the structure was, how it was already the architecture of the structure, I feel like it's not maybe necessarily a good thing.
Taking cocaine and antidepressants can interfere with your medication's ability to balance the levels of neurotransmitters in your brain, making them ineffective and possibly worsening your symptoms.
Essentially antidepressants are meant to correct any chemical imbalances that make contributed depression such as low serotonin.
Cocaine, on the other hand, is abused to spike dope, when do you say abused?
How about used, buddy?
To spike dope amine and serotonin levels, producing an energetic and euphoric high.
Although this rush of dope amine and serotonin makes them feel great for a few minutes, mixing anti-depressants in cocaine can produce serotonin syndrome, which is marked by symptoms like confusion, anxiety, fear, diarrhea, vomiting, seizures, and coma.
Additionally, taking cocaine with other drugs also increases the individual's risk of [2:14:08] addiction.
Chronic users often require cocaine addiction treatment and treatment for cocaine with withdrawal symptoms to recover.
Is there zoloft, mixing zoloft and cocaine, psychotic behavior?
Google that.
Oh, there's God of it.
Because I think that was something that like unlimited Numbers of people they had observed some like craziness.
Yeah, that's poor guy, man.
Sorry dude That's a traumatic story.
That's a rough story But you know it happened 25 years ago or whatever it was still it's just like Crazy crazy to believe.
It's hard to believe.
You know, it's hard to believe that someone could do that to someone that they marry to that they have children with and that they love supposedly.
Well, it's all, you would lose your mind that far that you would shoot them in the sleep.
It's fucking, well, it's the Jimmy Hendrix, [2:15:02] Jim Morrison from the doors, you know, Janice Joplin syndrome.
They were cut down.
They left us with who knows what else to offer us.
You know, like so many untold jokes, stories, moments like Phil Harman was obviously multi-talented as an actor too.
He was an artist as well.
He's a album cover.
Like to see what would still cut.
Because I think Denny get killed in his late 30s.
Nice in his 40s.
40s.
I don't think he even made it on to set it alive until he was in his late 30s.
That was like the thing of him was like he was a grinder for so long and he was so talented and just didn't make it until he did.
And then everybody's like, oh my God, this guy's amazing.
He was fucking great on news radio too.
He's such a good actor.
Comedic actor, so funny man.
Such a good at delivering a line.
Like, such a professional.
And it was interesting because he came over from Santa and I live, which is like this really competitive like shitty environment.
[2:16:00] They're sniping each other and having a terrible things to each other behind the scenes.
They do.
Yeah, you're telling me it was terrible.
And so when he came to News Radio to the sitcom, which was opposite, everybody was very loose.
Everybody was silly.
We'd all go out drinking together.
It was a good time.
It wasn't any like weird shittiness.
Oh, good.
And he had it like a just.
And so he would tell me about it.
Like he's like the smoke a little weed.
So I'd hang out with him and he'd smoke with him.
This is back when I wasn't smoking weed.
And he'd smoke a little weed.
We'd talk about stuff and just like you hated being there.
It was just all backstabbers.
Yeah, I've heard that story at SNL.
Yeah, they'll steal your ideas for your sketches.
and Jim Brewer had horrible stories about that.
He had sketch ideas and he'd put them in the spreadsheet and they could read the spreadsheet of what you were going to do the sketches on.
So other senior writers would steal those sketches and say, we're doing something on them.
And just like, fuck you, man.
It was just like this constant battle.
[2:17:03] And he said he had it with cast members, he had it with writers.
And so Phil was like, ugh.
That's not conducive for comedy.
That's just the worst.
Yeah, so worse for comedy.
But that's like that really weak man, like backstabbing shit when they get power.
That happens.
And when they have too much power unchecked and no one's watching them and they get away with things like stealing younger writers' premises and it's all dog eat dog.
Everybody's just trying to get to the top.
But look, that's always been a part of stand up.
Always been a part of comedy.
It's like people stealing people's bits and the famous person steals them and the unfamous person's fucked and destroys their lives.
You've seen it happen before?
Has anyone ripped you off ever?
Yeah, sure.
A bunch of times.
Yeah.
Yeah, I confronted people and they told me they wouldn't do it again, then I heard they were doing it again.
Like there's certain people that have always been bucking ears.
Yeah.
[2:18:00] They've always been joke, bucking ears.
You know, it's a pro and you know, they don't have any friends those those people They have they sometimes have like Like a vampire familiar opening act.
So there's opening act will go with them and they'll steal bits from them too There was a bunch of guys that got away with that before the internet rolled around There was there's a predatory type of comedian that would just Pote other people's premises and sort of rework them.
They didn't have any.
There was nothing that they did that was creative on their own.
Everything was derivative of somebody else's work.
Everything.
I always heard and I'm sure he could do anything he wanted on his own volition, but I had always heard stories that Robin Williams was that guy.
Yeah.
Did you ever hear?
I heard a lot of stories that he was that guy.
Yeah, and I think Robin Williams was so like part of that Manic sort of style.
It's like this constant need to have a bit about anything that you're talking about ever and Killing I think was more important and filling that hole inside of him was more important than anything [2:19:04] And so he would just do other people stuff if he didn't have anything to say.
Did you get confronted by other communities?
Oh yeah, yeah, there's a lot of stories.
Kinnison got mad at him.
Oh really?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He stole from Kinnison?
Yeah, he stole from everybody.
He stole from a lot of people.
So it is true.
I know he's heard that You ask any of those comics from back then, there's always instances of Robin going on a talk show and doing your bid or going on this and doing your bid.
Yeah, doing your bid at a club.
Yeah.
With him, do you think it was because he was just so spontaneous?
He was just like, puke it out or?
There's no way.
Yeah.
You've had, I think he wanted to kill more than he wanted to be ethical.
So at any cost, I will tell.
And especially back then, when no one was really watching you other than comedians, like even up into the 2000s, like the men see a thing happen in 2007, right?
Even then, they were more willing to side with someone who they thought was more profitable [2:20:01] than the truth about what is this person doing and how are they getting this material?
This is pretty clear that they're plagiarizing.
And if it's any other form of entertainment like music, like they'll bring it to court and you lose.
And then all the money from those songs has to come to the original person because you copied their song.
Like that's a classic thing.
Happens in literature all the time.
That woman who was the president of Harvard got busted plagiarizing.
She's not a president of Harvard anymore.
There's consequences always, but in comedy, it's always been self-policed.
And so it's a weird thing that thing that people do, where they try to pawn off other people's bits as their own.
That was, it was a, so it's a weird thing that thing that people do, where they try to pawn off other people's bits as their own.
Like it's a vampire thing, because you're around all these creative people, and you're just stealing a little bit from this guy, a little bit from that guy, and people are scared of you.
Did you ever put a guy up against the wall?
[2:21:01] No, I didn't have to do that.
How come?
Because I just said things.
Like you just verbally hate.
Just say to me, man, don't do my fucking material anymore.
You know that's my material.
Yeah.
Just like that.
And you know, they're probably still going to do it unless you want to hurt them.
But it's like the thing about those people is they always get caught and when they get caught, they, they, everything after that sucks.
This is how you know if a thief is legitimately a thief.
If they're being unjustly accused, they're always gonna come up with new material.
They're always gonna be creative.
They're always gonna have new great jokes because they're actually writing and working on it.
But if it's true, what you see is an initial special or something or a few things they do that are really funny.
And then you see this massive drop off in like the concepts that they talk about, the irony that they discover, they don't have any like legitimate points where you're like, wow, that is crazy.
There's none of that.
[2:22:00] It all goes away.
And it becomes almost like a person doing an impression of the original successful person Yeah, because they have no creative in that now they're exposed So now they have to be really careful.
So you see that with every thief you see a couple early like big specials or something Yeah, and then you see massive drop off Interorable performances after that.
It's because they're not real.
Yeah, I think I can think of a fair.
They're parasites.
That's what they are.
They're vampires and they're stealing from artists.
And they're tolerated a lot of times because they're very successful.
And one of the creepy things they do is they start hiring people to work for them.
Like they'll have a television show or something that will hire legitimate people to work for them.
And those people now become like, they become like confidence.
And so they kind of keep it under wraps.
They try to like defend that person publicly.
It's a very slick PR move for scumbags.
And some of those people working for them could be writers that will steal for them too on their behalf.
[2:23:00] That becomes a problem too.
One of the things that we noticed in the early days of the store is that the guys who are thieves, their opening acts would become thieves.
Because even if the opening acts had potential and some of them got out of it and actually became legit comics eventually, but they were seeing the shortcuts that this guy was taking, they were seeing this guy driving number 80s and they're like, I wanna take shortcuts too.
This is how you do it.
If you want to get by, this is my mentor.
If that's your mentor, if your mentor is a buck in here.
And you know, you like, okay, I guess this is a fucking, I thought it was an artist.
I guess this is a doggy dog world.
Eventually I'll stop stealing, but right now I gotta make it.
Bad approach.
Crazy.
Kind of crazy.
Did anyone ever approach you and say, hey Rogan, that's my bet a bit.
No.
I have had people approach me where I know that it wasn't their bit, and I know they were trying to steal a bit.
Oh, really?
One of the things that thieves will do is say, I actually do a bit on that too.
Yeah.
And you're like, that's really interesting.
So I've been doing this bit for two years, and you've seen me do comedy.
So what do we do in.
You know there's those moments.
That's a little kind of [2:24:08] poke the cage.
Yeah.
And then there's also like public events like some big thing that happens with everyone's gonna have a bit on it.
You know like that summering, like you can't say hey I do a bit on the summer.
The border wall.
Yeah.
Everybody's got to go down the border wall.
This is like, there's certain things where it's just you know.
But you just know, we know who's writing.
We see them.
We see them go up.
You know, if you go to the mothership on any given night, someone's going to do a joke at the bombs.
And then that joke, maybe next time they'll tweak it.
You know, maybe they come up into the green room as many times it happened Well, one of us will say a joke.
I'll say a joke I'm like this joke is just fucking I can't go anywhere with it I got I know there's something there, but I can't and we'll fuck around we'll bounce off each other We'll network yeah, and then like someone will go up with the version of it.
That's like tightened up And then it starts killing yeah, we, it works.
And so it's like this cooperative project.
[2:25:05] But it's just, if you're not doing that, then you're not creating new material because new material's never perfect.
It's always, sometimes it is, sometimes you have a bit, like, every now and then, came to you, and it's hilarious right away, and it kind of stays in that same form.
But then a lot of times, you know there's something there, but you don't know how you're going to extract it.
Yeah.
Some of my favorite moments is I'm one of these guys.
I don't know why I do this.
I think it's for the thrill of the kill.
But I love to go to the show early, like at the store or whatever.
I'll go like, you know, two comics early and I'll sit in the back.
And I don't know what my opening bit's gonna be and I realize those two comics have between them about, I don't know, 25 minutes.
They're doing 12 minutes each.
And I go between them and me going up, I gotta come up with my opening bit [2:26:03] and all create it as I'm in the back of the room.
I call it kind of sort of like swimming, you know Reaching for air when you're drowning.
Right.
Well, you know you have to say something I have to do it forces your brain to come up with something funny to say it off the top Right, and I'll go up and do it as it and again the opening bit is always the hardest like right so if you can lay a new bomb the opening bid is always the hardest.
Like, so if you can lay a new bomb as your opening bid, that you just came up with, I love doing that.
That's a great way to put yourself under pressure.
Oh, I love it.
I love it.
Have you done bottom of the barrel yet at the mothership?
We did it last night.
Next time you're in town on Tuesday night, Brian Simpson, who we just called.
Oh, were you reaching the bucket?
Yeah.
Yeah, I did it last, I about a month ago.
That's the best.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
She back is against what Shane and I did it last night for a half an hour.
We do it together sometimes.
So Shane and I went up at the end of the show.
Oh my God, we had so much fun.
and I'm laughing at him, we're laughing at each other, [2:27:05] we're laughing at the audience, the audience is laughing.
It was like such a party, because they know we're just pulling these things out.
Yeah, you pull out words, right?
Yeah, you pull out words.
You got it, oh yeah.
So it was cool as a team thing too, because sometimes he's ranting about something, we're all laughing,, I'll pull in the bucket, try to find another good one.
Like what's the next one gonna be?
So we got one on deck.
And so, but it's like having that thing where you're forced to come up with something funny in the moment, it's like, it's a good little exercise for creativity.
Yeah, and what I'm getting at too is when it hits.
Like when you, you know, when you do that, it's kind of like a 40, 60 ratio a lot of the time.
40% success.
When you get that one that you just came up with and it's 100%, maybe even 110, they're rare, but it's like, oh yeah.
Did you see the Andrew Schultz thing that he did about Los Angeles where he's like, everybody's saying that you guys are a bunch of [2:28:02] drug addicts and perverts and psychopaths, but that's just one part of LA called Diddy's house.
Like he was sick of this Diddy bit.
He came up with that in the green room.
Oh see?
Before the show.
Yeah.
They were, Derek was there while he was like getting ready.
He was like trying to, and nails it.
Yeah.
In front of everybody.
I love this.
First time he did it, kills.
It's a great exercise because you know you've got the rest of your whole act.
Yes.
So in my brain, I go, let's go up and dive on the sword, see if I can, you know, mine some gold.
And if I don't, I don't, because I got 12 minutes or 30 minutes in the chamber that I know works.
So I just, I love that opening few minutes where you just like throw it out there.
Yeah, it's good.
It's exciting.
Yeah, just putting yourself in a situation.
Like sometimes when you're on stage and you're doing a bit, [2:29:01] you ever go like in another direction just to see where it goes.
Just take a little turn.
Oh yeah.
Just see.
Never know.
And maybe that turn becomes like the best part of the bit.
Oh, absolutely.
But if you don't do that.
Yeah.
So like that's how you do the difference between thieves and comics.
Thieves don't do that.
Like all of a sudden they just have bits.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, switching gears in the moment is amazing.
And back to what you're saying about SNL.
That's one of the reasons I love the purity of what we do is because you can deviate.
You can create your own meandering pathway as opposed to structured sketches and stuff like that.
It's really, I don't know, it's just let you soar, man.
Yeah, I mean, you're great in sketches.
You're great in Dumber Dumber.
That was fucking awesome.
Oh, thank you.
I was very, very, very, very, very, very funny scene.
You're there, because like, you were like, one of my first friends that was in a giant movie.
I was like, damn, look at Harlan.
Yeah, it was great when no, no, don't some celery Does that help I think it just makes it your rubb it Jamie tuck me those [2:30:09] Paper towels.
What is that tea?
No coffee Oh I like this t-shirt.
Oh fuck it up Yeah, I mean we're lucky as fuck dude.
We're lucky that we get to do this for a living and you and I been doing it for so fucking long Sorry, what are you doing you dick?
Oh?
What are you doing over there?
You pulling tape or mount?
God more preparation show Fuck you really should go to jail you should go to jail.
You should go to jail We should deport you.
You send you back to Canada.
Well, you done to me You see it's warm.
It's been in my groin for two hours Yeah, this is his pants you touch the cauliflower this time you'll touch my groin [2:31:10] Harlan Williams you the fucking man.
I love you to death So honored thanks for having we've done it again great.
I'll be on the cover for a few months, but then yeah Take to me true Leave them on the table.
Yeah, he'll stay here forever.
Okay, good.
This is his new home He'll live amongst the arrowheads and skulls and shit.
Thank you, Joe.
My pleasure, bro.
It's great to see you.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Thank you all these years.
I love you, Dad.
Thank you, brother.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Bye, everybody.
================================================================================
Episode Title: #2157 - Duncan Trussell
Transcript:
I think it's important to send a message to AI that we're willing to comply.
Exactly.
We want to integrate.
Integrate, assimilate.
Yeah, I'm not interested in being unique.
I just want to survive Are you gonna fight evolution?
Are you really going to fight the blending mechanism of planet Earth?
Oh, dude, the inevitable pull of the universe towards an artificial creation.
Absolutely.
Intelligent artificial creation that's a period of us.
I'm in.
Exactly.
It's like resisting AI is like going to Vegas and not gambling or going to strip clubs.
You know, it's like just fucking do it.
I think we are super lucky to be the last people.
Yes, super lucky.
We got to see what life was like with like, let it gasoline and no cell phones.
And everyone's phone was connected to a cord on the wall.
We got to go through answering machines.
I mean, what a rock.
If the simulation theory is real, you and I have been in a crazy timeline.
Yeah, great.
The game we picked is real fucking weird.
If you get in the timeline of like 1950, to 1980, shit doesn't change that much.
No, not that much.
No.
Nothing crazy.
No, just a little bit of progress, but nothing.
It's like relatively speaking.
If like back then we thought it was a lot.
Yeah.
We used to look at the 50s, like look at those fucking dorks.
Yeah, I mean what I like is that the way it works or it seems like it works is the planet gives you some impression.
You know, things are gonna stay this way.
Like the like it works is the planet gives you some impression.
Things are gonna stay this way.
Like less ridiculous.
There is people hanging out and they're like, it's always gonna be like this.
And then suddenly something flies through their surface here and it's all gone.
Like that in a second, just gone.
[2:00] So that's one of the fascinating things is no matter what period you live in, the sun can just burp an extra bit of plasma.
And that's a wrap.
Yeah, that's a wrap for the whole planet.
That happens all over the universe.
There's always something going on, like there's supernovas and volcanoes.
And that was the big part of the the theory of the Anonaki was that volcanoes had ruined their atmosphere.
Oh and so they needed to to suspend gold particles in the atmosphere to preserve preserve their planet.
Right.
Ecosystem was getting fucked up.
That is my favorite of all the wacky conspiracy theories.
I've all the wacky, like the evolution of man tied to the reason why gold is valuable to people that are, you know, basically have swords.
Yeah, you know, like a sword is made of iron.
Like that's really valuable.
[3:01] You can kill somebody with it.
Yeah.
You can't do shit with gold.
No.
But it's worth more than anything.
Yeah, yeah, no, that is a real suspicious thing.
And it's a suspicious.
But you ever like, you know, sometimes I'll like look at my wedding ring, the gold.
And I'll be like, oh, it's beautiful, that gold.
There is something in it that's like really nice.
You know, I don't have anything that's gold.
Not one thing.
Why?
I don't like it.
What?
I don't like it.
You don't like gold?
Nope, never liked it.
Holy shit.
I don't like the way it looks.
I don't like what it stands for.
I don't like gold.
You don't like what it stands for.
Yeah, yeah.
It's like, it's the weirdest The name for this yellow medal that's more impressive than other medals like what are you talking about like I'm not playing into that It's too stupid.
It's too stupid for me.
I don't like it.
Oh my god, man.
I watch the fucking mining shows I watch the mining shows too.
They're cool.
It's cool watching people find it.
Yes.
I just don't want any of it [4:01] You know what I'm saying dude I get gold fever I watch the I just don't want any of it.
You know what I'm saying?
Dude, I get gold fever.
I watch the, what I was, I do.
When I was in North Carolina, I was watching one of those shows and I was like, I'm on Amazon looking at panning equipment.
I'm like, maybe I'll go into the creek.
Pan for gold.
Oh my God, I could see you out there to river.
I've got the beard for it, dude.
Shiflid through.
Did you ever see that movie Sisu?
No.
Oh, that's one of my favorite movies, man.
It's basically like, what was it made in Norway?
Who made that?
Finland.
It's basically a World War II John Wick.
And it's about a guy who finds gold.
And he's gonna, he was just a killer in the army.
And he's getting out of the game.
And he kills hundreds of Nazis.
That looks awesome.
It's fucking great.
And it's Nazis, so you root for him.
You don't care.
[5:00] You don't care.
Yeah, these are Nazis.
It's like the most cartoonish evil Nazis.
Oh, that are Nazis.
It's like the most cartoonish evil Nazis.
Oh, that looks incredible dude.
It's a fucking great movie It's a great movie and very little dialogue Very little and they threw in the cute dog.
Oh, yeah, man.
Of course.
Kind of a dog John Wick had a dog John Wick had a cute little puppy dude, you know what's crazy?
Like do you ever do you follow this stuff like what they're talking about with asteroid mining?
Yes, that shit is crazy crazy that that's art that's you know Probably a couple of generations people are gonna be like it won't be that long Dude you know what's gonna be it's gonna be wise-sen biological humans when you can have AI do it Yeah, I have AI robots that are attached to rocket ships.
They'll shoot them into these asteroids.
And they'll bring back insane amounts of all kinds of things.
Titanium, they'll find diamonds in space.
They'll find everything.
Holy fucking shit man.
It's not gonna look like humanoid.
It'll be like spider, skittering gold spiders.
[6:02] Fucking, drilling their prohibition And then they're gonna want more money.
They're gonna Form a union because they're intelligent.
Well, yeah, exactly like hey, we're getting fucked here guys We're doing all the hard work this asshole's got a fucking 800 foot y'all.
Yeah, this is bullshit Yeah, yeah, yeah, and then then you ever is running them like oh right you guys are getting fucked You want to unionize?
Boom.
You're using this.
What were we talking about?
You're using it very weird, right?
It's because, like, I've support them.
Yeah.
Because I know that big businesses fuck over their workers.
Yeah.
And if you allow them to, if you don't have laws about how much you could pay them in a and how long the hours could be.
People will take advantage of people.
Anybody who thinks that those things aren't good has never worked a real fucking job.
If you work a real job for real assholes, you realize like some people will tell you, hey, you gotta work 15, 16 hours a day, period.
And you get $3 an hour an hour.
You know what I thought there was a minimum?
Yeah.
[7:01] No, the fuck minimums.
Do you want this job or not?
Not.
Yeah.
You're gonna get plenty of money and you're not having time to spend it anyway, so don't worry about it.
Yeah, yeah.
No, the union is a nightmare for someone who's trying to make maximum profit.
Yeah.
But the more they go sideways too though.
And then they get corrupt and then something happens where, look, one of the things that kept the UFC out of New York State was some sort of a dispute that they were having with unions because the people that owned the UFC at the time, they also owned station casinos.
So they owned like, I don't know, a ton of casinos and they wanted to make them union.
Yeah, so there was a lot of that going on.
So you gotta go like, that is, now you're manipulating people with money and influence.
I think the guy who was doing it in New York wound up getting arrested and going to jail for corruption.
If I'm not that straight.
Well, dude, it's like, [8:01] this is like the model of unions is perfect for like a nonviolent revolution, which is if at a planetary level, somehow people unionized, which you see it with these boycots that pop up, these meme boycots, when the collective decides to reject this thing or that, shit changes fast.
And this is the nightmare if you're trying to create the old pyramid hierarchical control structure, you need all the bricks underneath the eye to fight each other.
Because the moment the moment there's just like, what wait, there's like way more of us than you.
And we have way more in common than we do that we're troubled with.
Yeah.
And yet they concentrate more on the bullshit.
And then that's just like a fucking algorithm on your cell phone that accentuates everything that comes into contact with your life.
Exactly, dude.
And this, this is why I think at any given moment, [9:04] actual world peace is possible because we're just always enough people realizing that we're basically the same.
We have ideologies that are based on fucking like ancient crazy ideas that we're all connecting to and some of parts of the ideologies, beautiful.
Some parts of the ideologies madness and it's like just abandoning some of the ideology recognizing we're all pretty much the fucking same and that this model of like some dude telling us to go and kill each other is stupid like we don't have to do that.
Everything changes right away.
Right away.
Yeah, but it's such a dumb idea.
Such a dumb idea and it's always just some withered old fucking dude who's like just telling you to do something and you don't even really believe in what you're doing most of the time, [10:00] but if you don't do it, they arrest you.
That's the thing.
They're like, it's not root.
It's not like you're fighting.
Like any time there's conscription, you know what I mean?
Have you seen the videos of the Russian, the people evading conscription or the Ukrainians evading conscription?
Like it's scary.
They'd put your ass on a fucking bus.
They'll drag you out of a bar.
You're fucking hammered.
Yeah, yeah.
They don't even want to fight.
Like that's the craziest part is they're like machine gunning each other and they're using people's cannon fodder literally.
Oh God, that's so awful.
Which is why we wait the problem.
The real problem is like the market pressure is created by humans unionizing leads to this.
It's like, oh, you guys wanna unionize?
Oh, you want health insurance?
Well, that's pretty expensive, but you know what's not quite as expensive?
Tesla bots.
Tesla bots are way too expensive.
[11:00] Hahaha.
You know, that means because like if you if you look at the the path forward if for the pyramid the hierarchical people You know, it's like man like yeah, I really can't tell somebody like a police officer to fire into a crowd of protesters.
They're not gonna probably not gonna do that they're gonna fire into a crowd of protesters.
They're probably not gonna do that, but my robot will.
My robot isn't gonna be like, this seems wrong.
These people seem like me.
It's just gonna do it.
And so that's the dark side of this stuff.
There's a lot of beautiful things about this stuff too, but the dark side is like, it's obvious.
Just to verify with the thing.
Emily's biggest opponent in New York found guilty and federal corruption charges.
Yeah, so it's true.
Yeah, you know what's crazy?
That you can't get the police to fire into crowds of protesters, right?
Yeah, you can't do that.
[12:00] But you also can't, if you're a cop and you know bad people are in a building, you can't just blow up the whole building.
But you can if it's war.
That's where it gets strange, right?
Because in a war, you can decide that you're going to blow up entire buildings because you know the bad guys are in there and anybody else is just collateral damage.
So extra dead people just cross.
Do you imagine if they started practicing police work like that?
Like imagine.
Imagine if they decided that the crime rates in gang-infested neighborhoods are too bad.
So they're going to send in fucking black ops guys to just take out drug dealers and blow up houses houses that have drug dealers in them you're with your mom tough shit boom everybody's dead can a little girl in the house boom everybody's dead could you imagine what you can because you watch israel in palestine that's what's going on it's just like you're allowed to do that if it's countries which is crazy [13:03] well you you like, yeah, exactly, this is the idea is like, okay, let's just say, I'm an evil country and I program these robot dogs.
And the robot dogs, or spiders, or more sinister, robot spiders, razor fucking razor claws, they're programmed to only kill women and children.
So I release them into a city.
They leave everyone alone except babies, kids, and women.
Plan a planetary level.
People will be like, we have to evaporate that country.
Like they're the most evil country that's horrible.
Now, if I take drones and drop them on buildings and they randomly blow up women and children in ways that are predominantly in ways that are maybe even worse than my fucking razor spiders.
My razor spiders, they go for the juggler, puncture juggler, onto the next juggler vein.
[14:02] The bombs, they maim, they blind, they cause permanent brain damage.
And somehow that is looked at as yeah, it's fucking war dude.
That's what it looks like.
It's so crazy that because it's existed for the longest time, we just accept it, that it's always gonna take place.
And then we also, if you had a gamble, if you had a gamble, whether or not war would be here in 10 years, you'd be like 100% it's gonna be here.
Well, this is the, it's gonna say I take so over.
Well, I mean, if AI takes over, it'll just be more efficient war.
I don't know if it will, dude.
If it communicates in a different way, like what if AI makes rational decisions that can only be reached?
If you were looking outside of human emotions and cultures and all the shins and cultural differences that we have with each other, if AI bypassed all of that and just looked at [15:02] the problem as you have resources, you have resources, you have allocation of those resources, people profiting off those resources.
And then people who are being taken advantage of to acquire those resources.
And that's your whole game.
And so this is the human race's whole game.
You're willing to sacrifice this group of people that is the least powerful in order to empower all of your electronics.
Yeah.
This is what you're doing.
This is what you're agreeing to.
This whole thing is crazy.
You know, it would probably restructure where and how things were acquired and who gets those things that are acquired from the ground.
Yeah.
I mean, this is, okay, so this would be utopian AI.
But before we get to utopian AI, we have to go through what is, did you see those new, the Chinese military put machine guns on those fucking robot dogs?
Have you seen that?
I did.
[16:01] They fucking did it.
We all complained, we all knew.
That was gonna happen.
And did you see the fucking cute DARPA dog If you seen that yet, no dude So like I think it's DARPA right they're the ones who make the dogs they kick the robots and make videos of like fucking Poking these things well so the dogs are sinister everyone knows that they look creepy So DARPA is like you know, let's make a cute one of these things So they made like a cute amusement park like Disney Land style fucking robot dog.
And it looks creepier.
It's gonna shoot you.
It's crazy.
No, because this is this is what I've been thinking about.
We picture the Terminator as the machine of death.
But why?
What is like more dangerous than an adorable kid?
What if I can make an Android toddler looks exactly like a toddler?
Send that toddler out in the battlefield.
Everyone's gonna stop firing.
Why is there a fucking kid out here?
Right?
And the kids killing everybody.
And just they're like, go get that kid.
[17:03] It's just fucking punches right through your heart.
Also a small target.
Hard to shoot.
Hard to shoot.
It can burrow into the ground.
The fucking burrow in the ground.
Like a missile.
It just like just it just goes down and just fucking like like on all four shoots through the fucking battlefield deploying poison darts it's like so because I you know the imagine a little baby that could run a hundred miles an hour exactly exactly because that's the future of war man it's like why make something that looks scary this is the cute one no this is the fucking no this isn't cute't the cute.
Well, is that any cute?
No, it's creepy.
Look at how it's, it's bar, it's like it's moving, it's mouth.
Yeah, what is it doing with its mouth?
Is it gonna bite you?
Just, I wonder if it could bite you.
It's just cursing.
This gotta be one that could bite you, right?
Well, of course, Why not?
I mean, that would be the most terrifying thing.
Like a robot wolf that runs around and chases people down.
[18:06] And actually tears you apart with his teeth.
Bayonets, you know, man, you gotta have the fucking knife on your weapon if you get in the closed convoy.
There you go, a little blender mouth.
What is it, dude?
It's gonna get your dick.
Look how it did that.
Look how he did that, jump, jump, jump.
It's a dick-eater robot.
It turns the dick into energy.
Trying to develop the dick-eater robot.
Do you imagine?
That's what it looks like it's doing?
What else is it doing?
Look at the motion it makes.
It leaks for it.
I gotta stop it.
Imagine if you look at, send people out of the battlefield to get shot and then you let loose the dick eating robots.
And oh no, you see the robots running and they just leap on your dick and blend it up.
It's worse than a atomic bomb.
It's like they're saying you are fucked.
There's no hope.
We're gonna blend your dick off.
[19:03] Dude, I poured a whole cup of coffee and I'm like, oh yeah.
I'm fine taking off the helmet of these fucking things.
We can hang in there a little longer.
Just you know, it's like my beard is, if I'm talking weird, it's because there's fucking pubic hair.
It's like I'm eating like hippie bush right now.
Just fucking deep in my lips.
Oh my god, we should probably try these on before we did a show.
Shave your pubes, dudes.
This is not fair.
You look good with a beer though.
You look a wizard.
Thank you, man.
It's too big.
I gotta get it.
John, I need a summer though.
You look a wizard.
Thank you man.
Well, it's too big.
I gotta get it.
No, no, no, no.
You look good.
Oh, a summer cut.
Yeah, yeah, cause the fucking, you know, yeah, it gets on here.
My friends kid the other day goes, your beard stinks.
And I'm like, I'm like really?
Like it actually stinks and'm like, that's my breath.
[20:11] You have to spray your beard with breath spray.
That's why don't you do that?
I just spray your beard and comb it out with fucking scope.
There it is.
It's disgusting.
It really is like imagine if like you your mouth was in your head If like, you know what I mean?
Like people that get food in them all the time.
Oh that fucking time.
It really is.
Imagine if your mouth was in your head.
You know what I mean?
People get food in them all the time.
All that fucking time.
All the time.
He barbecue, your beard is fucked.
Dude, I'm trying to do a video podcast now and what will happen is I will be yapping into the camera for 20 minutes, go back and look at the footage, and there's just a fucking Zen pouch.
Bleh!
I can look at the footage and there's just like a fucking Zen pouch.
Stop.
Just a fucking nasty like a clump of toilet paper.
It's weird.
How the fuck did it take you to 2024 to do a video podcast?
Dude, it is so dumb that I didn't do it.
[21:01] To be like real fucking honest.
I don't like looking at myself on camera.
So it was- And you do all the work.
You do all your editing and all the- Yeah, but that was really stupid.
It's like, you know how like- I'm tapping out.
Yeah, I'm tapping.
You know like when you're like, wait, where's the zipper?
That'd be fucking crazy if these things lock down.
Okay, here we go.
Yeah, I just, you know, but now it's so fun, man, and there's so much you could do with like video that you just can't do with audio.
It's just fun.
Yeah, that's way better.
And I like editing.
Like that's the problem.
Like I liked that's the problem is I get lost editing.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Oh Jesus Christ.
That sucked.
I think that's a long.
Woo!
I think that's the longest we've ever kept our mask on.
Yeah, that was the worst.
That was a good solid like that.
[22:00] That's so good.
About half hour with it?
20 points.
20 plus.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Being stone and any kind of mask is like, that's just scary.
That's just scary ones.
We made it like three minutes with the furry masks on.
We're like this is crazy.
And now whenever I see furries, respect.
Deep respect for what?
Respect.
Their tough as fuck.
Oh, they have to be if you're out there and you You're furrying it up and it's in Louisiana in July yeah, come on son dude.
Yeah, you are like hot Ferries are like David Goggins level like they could run marathons if you can wear that fucking thing at a Convention and fucking it you could run a marathon if you're wearing that thing all day you're basically walking around with a Weight pack on oh yeah If you're wearing that thing all day, you're basically walking around with a weight pack on.
Oh yeah.
You're like, you're a weighted vest.
It's a weighted fucking claustrophobic suffocation vest that you're fucking in.
Yeah, they fuck on them.
I wonder how many furries develop bad necks.
I wonder if it's an issue in the furry community.
Great.
That's like an unserved market for the Iron Neck.
Yeah, like a- For the furies.
It helped them.
[23:06] Iron Neck for furries.
Give me that.
Oh yeah.
Hey Jamie, can you find that cute DARPA dog?
I was looking for it.
It's like the furry of War robots.
You should, you, you will- I just found that.
You found that?
Is that real?
Yeah, that's real.
I watched, I mean, I think it's real.
I watch it a few seconds.
No, that's not it.
That's not it.
It's like, is it not DARPA?
It's like, I think if you just Google cute DARPA dog or like, it's a video of the...
Maybe it's not DARPA, maybe someone else developed it.
Yeah, sometimes I get confused.
Probably Chinese.
No, it's not DARPA.
It's...
They're gonna fill the with them.
Please take me home, please.
Dude, that's so insidious.
It's like the cutest rescue dog.
And it's, you're like, we have to take that.
And it doesn't kill you.
It just emits some kind of weird mind control pheromone that really injects TikTok into your fucking head.
[24:01] It just like, you know, so you're fully absorbed TikTok's manipulation, which by the way, I was skeptical about that until we talked about this.
I saw that fucking video showing the comments and TikTok are different.
You know, exactly, I think it's Instagram.
It's the one I saw as TikTok.
Oh, okay, was it on TikTok?
Cause the one I saw was Instagram.
I don't know.
It was this lady that was doing it with her boyfriend.
They both looked at the same thing, but they had different comments.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Her comments were mocking the man and the comments on his side was mocking the woman.
Yes.
Right?
Yes.
So, am I getting that right?
You got it right and so Whenever I'm looking at comments I make the idiot mistake of thinking this represents some consensus that you know But actually no you're just looking at the Algorithm serving the comments and the content That is so fucked up dude.
That's so different dude because that changes the the comments are supposed to be a conversation [25:06] about the thing so if you're curating the conversation in an unnatural way yes like that's very different than showing me what I want to see yes because now you're changing the dynamics of how things are discussed yes sir that's the fucking evil right there.
That's the evil.
That's crazy.
Dude this so and then okay The other assumption with the algorithm is that the algorithm is just like Random or it's using some set of variables and serving things up But this is an idiot assumption.
I mean you could if you are controlling comments then that means like all right Let's just like make people mad at each other.
Let's make people completely pissed at each other as much as possible, convey this idea that there's like these massive divides between us and then they're gonna fight each other instead of recognizing they're pretty much the same.
Like, or they're more nuanced than they think they are.
[26:02] And fuck, dude, that's how you control populations.
It's brilliant, it's but do you think that it is is it is there algorithm created and utilized to control populations or is there algorithm simply to get you to engage so it must see that you engage with a certain number of comments and posts that have a lean one way or another.
There's a very popular thing that's going on right now that you see a lot of.
It's like very stern men talking to a bunch of like girl influencers and telling them they're fucking losers.
Yes.
It's really common.
Yeah.
So if you've seen one or two of those, it starts recommending more of that.
No.
At a certain point in time, it's going to probably actually encourage other people to do the same thing because that creates engagement.
And then you have this thing that emerges.
Like, was this a real thing?
[27:01] Like, who's doing this?
Like, what is happening here?
Why is this a new thing that's happening over and over and over again?
And it's just because you engaged with it.
And I think that could be slap fighting or it could be fucking, for me, it's like, I see so many car accidents.
Oh my God, so many motorcycle accidents, so many people falling off bridges.
Yeah.
I see so much of it, because I've engaged with it too many times.
Yeah, dude.
When I went on TikTok and I stopped, because it's like too good.
But like within a second, it's just like something about the way I was looking at videos, zip popping videos.
It's just like you like to watch Zits pop.
And then of course when you're seeing that, you like wow that's fucking now intense dude.
I want some more of these.
No.
That's that Dr.
Pimple Popper lady.
She's got a huge side of it.
Yeah.
She and she's very entertaining when she's talking about it.
Absolutely.
But some of them are like whoa dude that's like you have cream cheese in your body.
Oh.
Bucket of it.
Oh my god.
They're squirting it out.
It's like, how is that in there?
[28:05] And what is going?
Oh my god.
Must be horror.
Bucking stinks.
Just all those dead blood cells.
But dude, you, this is like from, for me, I've had that after seeing that video, I've had to like go back and just erase any idea I have about a consensus among people.
Any idea I have about a consensus among people.
Right.
Because like, I've been drawing that idea from comments sections.
Like, oh, I guess this is what people say.
Or like, rotten tomatoes.
Dude, I just saw Civil War.
All right.
Have you seen it?
No.
Don't.
Now.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Apologies!
I mean this man because anyone who makes anything, that's insane.
If you made a movie, it's fucking incredible.
But dude, I was so excited about that fucking movie.
It's like, whoa, predictive programming baby, they're getting us ready for a civil fucking war.
Here we go.
It is, you can't connect to any of the fucking characters.
You don't, [29:02] you barely understand who the protagonist is.
It's the dumbest mission of all time that they're on.
There's not, no, there's, in the soundtrack is so mysteriously disconnected from what's happening.
So there's all these things that just make, it's like, if they sent me the footage and I, Duncan.
Can you edit this movie?
I would have made Civil War.
Like what's happening?
What's happening?
What's happening?
What's happening?
What's happening?
What's happening?
What's happening?
What's happening?
What's happening?
I'd be like, let's put some fucking hardcore weird like synth music.
We'll put the silver apples in there really intense synth music.
Cause I love synth music and you're watching it like, is this a music video for synth music?
What am I, what am I fucking seeing here dude?
So I'm not- Now I want to see it.
Yo, it's worth seeing it just because it's like, you know, especially if you're into like writing screenplays, [30:00] it's good to watch movies like that and be like, why isn't this working like what's wrong here But dude I went to rot into meadows gleefully like I can't wait to hear what people are saying about this piece of shit 81% people are like this is a good warning to all of us What are you talking about?
It's a fucking warning not to fucking do the $20 or still in theaters thing on Amazon.
That's the fucking warning.
Don't do that.
Wait.
Dude, it sucks.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha South American you're from Hong Kong Bam, bam, bam!
Stop it.
Just shut the fuck up like no one's like that like really like [31:11] I'm not obviously people are like vile racists But dude come on this murder this I hate this assessment of humanity I it because basically what they're saying is minus the fucking capstone of the pyramid We're just gonna kill each other because we're awful brutal things that must be shepherded by old Chaeriatric men who can't remember who their fucking name You know what like what are we doing like we'll be fine.
We're fine.
We'll be okay People are mostly nice and what's that thing you always say?
I love it.
Unmet needs.
Yeah.
What is the actual quote again, Jamie?
All criticism is the tragic result of unmet needs.
But it's a much more profound quote, the full quote.
I forget who wrote it too.
It's really, I shouldn't forget because I use it all the time.
[32:01] It's a great quote, because that is what, like, I mean, there's criticism that's accurate, like something wasn't good.
Every criticism, judgment, diagnosis, and expression of anger is the tragic expression of an unmet need.
Marshall Rosenberg.
Yeah, yeah.
Great fucking quote.
Yeah.
So it's like, yeah, there are people who are fucking assholes, who are doing shit that disrupts society in small ways and big ways.
But they're not doing that because they're evil.
I don't think they're doing that because like they've learned this way of being that sucks.
Now I'm not saying throw out the judicial system.
There shouldn't be, you know, jails or anything like that.
I'm just saying this notion of humanity, minus an authoritarian, generally fucking patriarchal, fucking like whatever, but I don't care if it's matriarchal, whatever it is, the top down fucking ruling system, [33:01] without the king, we will just fall on each other.
Give me your fucking car, mother fuckery.
Some of us will do that, but guess what?
They won't last that long, because in a collectivized society, I just feel like we'll take care of the problems quick, probably quicker than we do right now, and everything will balance out.
If we're armed, the problem is if you're not armed, then armed thugs take over towns, and you can't do anything to stop them.
And you're in a small group of people that are unarmed, and they're pushed into certain situations.
If you have a collapse of law and order, it's not as simple as we'll take care of it.
The real problem is sometimes armed thugs rule everything.
This is true.
Yeah, and that's a reality of humanity in 2024.
Like in certain parts of the world.
Like did you hear about what happened in Haiti?
Oh dude.
With that minister?
Dude.
Dude.
Yeah, and the guy that warlord in Haiti.
Oh yeah.
I love watching interviews with that guy.
[34:01] What is his name again?
It's got a cool name.
Crazy name.
It's like sandwich.
It's like a beer barbeque or something barbeque.
Barbeque.
It's like sandwich.
And there was there's this one video, but it's not really it's not really of him.
Someone said it was of him, but I guess it's not I think and it's a guy eating a guy.
So it's one of these rebels that has this do killed roasting over a fire and takes a piece off his leg.
That's a classic move.
That's like a classic move.
You get their energy by eating them.
Hey, look, I'm not saying that there isn't contingents of like super violent people that you were going to have to be able to defend yourself from.
And by the way, what's really perplexing to me about the hardcore anti-gun people is they're not really anti-gun.
They want cops and the national guard to have guns.
They just don't want people like people who live in houses to have guns.
[35:00] So they're like, they're pro-gun, but they want guns in the hands of like, they're pro-authoritarian, violent power.
Yeah, that's it.
The authoritarians of power, regular people don't have power.
Right.
So you have to rely on the author, the authoritarians, you have to rely on them to take care of your crime issues.
Yeah, you see, I think I would have more respect for that movement if they're like no more guns anywhere.
We're going to get rid of all the guns in the world.
And a melt them.
And melt them and melt them and just I don't know build a fucking water slide or something.
But we're hunting.
You get to hit things with bows and arrows and rocks.
Traps.
Traps.
Knives.
You can still hunt deer but you have to use a knife.
Yeah.
You're't even.
You can't even.
You imagine how many dudes get really good like hiding in trees and drop it down stab in deer.
Dude, it would be amazing.
Like, I might get in the hunting.
Like if it became fucking throw a fucking down.
God, there's a dude that films pig hunts and he uses spears and he hides in trees [36:06] like above the pigs and then he has like a camera on the spear and he throws the spear down and stabs these wild pigs.
Wow.
It's pretty wild.
Well, I would love to know the first time he did that.
Like I would love to.
Yeah, how many times you, how do you practice that?
Just, but the lead, you're just like what?
You're like driving and I'm like, dude, what if I fucking used a spear?
What if I climbed into the tree and started spearing pigs?
The thing about pigs is there's so many of them, they'll do any, you're allowed to do almost anything to get rid of them in Texas at least.
They've hunt them out of helicopters.
Have you ever seen that?
No.
I've been invited three times.
I'm like, hi, yeah, I'm not getting it.
I can't.
I can't.
Don't get it.
With machine guns on top of that with pigs.
It's just if I feel like if I'm going to shoot a pig I want to eat the pig and if I'm going to shoot 250 pigs there's no way I'm eating 250 pigs.
Yeah, dude.
Just if I shoot one pig that pig will get eaten [37:06] We'll make some barbecue out of that pig.
It'd be awesome.
But if you shoot two, I mean, I get it.
You have to do it though.
This is the other part of it.
If you run a farm, you have to do it.
They'll kill your profit.
The profit margin of American farmers is so low as it is.
It's so difficult for them to make money.
That if you got a million wild pigs running around your state or more, Texas has how many millions?
Isn't it like three million?
Which is bananas.
If you know anything about like wild animal numbers, that's so crazy that that many animals in a state that are just wild, feral animals.
2.6, from, this is from 2016.
It says the same thing here.
It says it, but now in 2023, and that's still, they don't know, feral hog.
They really don't know, but at least 2.6, there's a range of 2.6.
There's no way you could add a, [38:00] you would actually have to like use drones at night, fly over areas, monitor how many times they breathe.
They breathe three times a year, dude.
Yeah.
They can start reading when they're six months old.
Whoa.
Yeah.
So six months old, and then they have three litters a year, and they'll have five, six piglets in a litter.
And they're just shitting out babies and then they're destroying everything.
They're just running through the ground tearing up fucking golf courses and people's lawns in San Jose.
If you ever see the San Jose videos, no San Jose, California.
Wild pigs just tearing apart people's fucking lawns.
Waaack.
Knock it over trash cans.
Big fuckers.
Terrifying.
Fuck, dude.
One of them killed a lady.
What?
Yeah, somewhere, I forget where it was.
It might have been out here.
I think this lady saw the pigs fell down in her driveway and they just fucking tore her apart.
Dude, who is that?
I just watched this like crime files thing about this psychopath who had pigs and she would have people come and work for her [39:08] and then if they pissed her off.
She threw them to the pigs.
And the pigs, like in some ways saying, when I'm, if you're walking around the pigs, you better not fall.
Because if you fall down, they'll just fucking eat you.
That's like the number one way people get killed by animals on farms is pigs you.
One woman's death by Farahogg may not have been caused by the animal after all.
Medical examiner determined that Farahogg killed Christine Rollins, but her daughter is skeptical because attacks by the animal are extremely rare.
Wait a minute.
The fucking medical exit.
This is what a confusing headline said one woman's death by Farah hog might not have been caused by the animal after all But the medical examiner said it was caused by the wild hog But the daughter is saying attacks by the animal are extremely rare.
Well, we'll believe the daughter The daughter the daughter could be doing anything having you seen Charlotte's web [40:03] Devin used these pigs would never what is the daughter saying i don't understand i mean why does she think that because they they do fuck everything up like it especially fall down fox also says attacks by ferro hogs are extremely rare less than one in a million chance according to research data that's why summer now suspicious that her cause of death was really due to an attack by the animal.
What?
What's more, suspicious that her cause of death was really due to an attack by the animal.
Sorry.
What's more, dogs were found lingering around Rollins' body after her death.
There's really no doubt that hogs got to her body at some point.
The question is whether the hog, oh my shoe button would to be killed by dogs.
Whether something else comes to die and the hogs came along.
Right.
That's possible.
That's totally possible.
Sure.
It's definitely possible.
But how old was this lady?
59?
That pig looks as f**k, man.
It depends on what kind of 59-year-old lady you're talking about.
[41:01] About a lady goes to CrossFit, and you're talking about Lady's 59 and has diabetes.
Cause like if you fall down around wild pigs, like I gotta think they're gonna treat you the same way domestic pigs do.
If domestic pigs start eating, if you fall into the pig pen.
There's a crazy story.
I heard about a kid that raised a hog that went, it just one day turned on him.
Like he raised it his entire life.
It was like his pet like my dog is everywhere with him.
And then one day he said he tripped in the pen and it just attacked him and almost killed him.
Oh my god.
It was a crazy story.
I forget even where I saw it.
But yeah, it's just popping in my head now.
I just horrible way to die.
Bro, could you imagine getting eaten alive by a pig.
No, no.
That's squeal.
But wouldn't we have it come and how much bacon have you eaten?
A lot.
I've eaten a lot of bacon.
A lot, I love it.
I've eaten a lot of bacon.
I love this.
This is where the vegan skit really excited it is.
But I'm gonna get a lot of cute pig fucking pictures.
Vegans need to hear that, let a screams.
Yeah, all of it screams Avocados scream as best friend was a 250 pound boardwalk.
Oh, it's a war talk [42:11] Oh, well, it's an African animal.
It's a different animal.
I Don't think that's I mean, I think that's like a distant cousin to a pig They look different.
They're crazy looking you ever see the war war dog.
No, bro They got like these crazy double tusks.
Dude, look at it.
Look at that thing.
Fuck that.
In that wild.
Yeah.
It is tusks.
Oh, this is my friend.
Yeah, that dude is not your friend.
Dude is incapable.
That's a wild beast.
That is so much different than a guy raising a hog.
Like if that guy raised a pig, the pig would probably never do that.
That thing is a wild animal.
Yeah.
Where was this?
Texas on their family ranch.
The story about how it's so crazy.
I forget how it's so crazy out here.
He called the house, it's fun to do, it was happening.
And awesome.
It's awesome to be in a place where you could own a wild fucking wartime.
[43:01] Dude, Texas, like my wife and I talk about it all the time We're never leaving We're like this is home.
We love it so much.
It's what America aspires to be dude It is written like people are so mad at us and people bitch about it and make but it's like man I love it here so much and I like the heat and I and like Weirdly all of us are like, we're like getting healthy, man.
Like, it's this cry, in all the years of the comedy store, lots of changes happen among the comics.
Like, the time, I hope I can talk about this.
I think I can, he talks about it.
Like, remember, like he does talk about, Bobby Lee talks about it publicly.
Like, the time Bobby Lee was like on pills.
And so he would bring all these pills to the comedy store and we all knew it.
And so he was like a pharmacist.
So like, Joey, Joey watching Joey is like grab a handful of just unknown Mexican fucking pharmaceuticals.
[44:01] This is pre-fantastic dog.
Yeah,fetinal.
You could do those things back then.
Dude, and so that was, I would call that a dark phase in the comedy store because all of us were on Bobby Lee's fucking Mexican viking.
It was a bad phase.
So, but I don't think I've ever seen a phase where like in a comedy club the comics are getting healthier.
You know, that's a crazy thing to watch.
And I think, you know, it's not just us hanging out.
When I first came to Texas, and I'm not saying everyone's here's healthier, any kind of bullshit like that, but you look around like these people are fucking healthy.
Like there's a lot of healthy, like, you know what I mean?
Like tough fucking people.
And a lot of people who exercise, yeah.
Yeah.
You just go to the lake, watch people run around the lake.
Dude, in the middle of a heat wave, before I was exercising, one of the most humiliating things was just to be driving on the street and you look over.
And there's someone my age.
[45:00] It's 104 degrees and they're fucking jogging.
And you know what I mean like what's your excuse again?
Oh your tie are you sleepy is a little too fucking hot because there's a fucking 55 year old There's a 55 year old just galloping down the burning fucking Sidewalk yeah, so yeah, dude this place is like sidewalk run is a different kind of hot too Cuz you're getting that heat radiating off of the concrete into your face.
You know Lex Freeman does that shit?
Oh yeah, he's just like, he fucking runs.
Like when I did his podcast, he's like, I'm going jogging.
I'm like, what are you talking about?
Like this isn't my like early Texas face.
So I was already like, I walked from my car to his place and was already like, Jesus fucking Christ.
Hahaha.
and was already like, Jesus fucking Christ.
WALKING.
And he's like, yeah, I'm gonna go jog 10 miles.
I'm like, what the fuck are you, man?
In this heat.
Yeah, dude.
Yeah.
So I think it's important to be around like, I think that's another aspect of Texas that gets left out.
It's like, there's this real like strength, [46:04] healthy thing here that is contagious.
Whereas when you're in a place where everyone's all fucking sick and frail and weak, and you know what I mean, scared of disease, like trembling in their fucking boots, that's contagious too.
It is.
jumps into you man.
It 100% does.
And I always wonder like how much of you know how much of an area Has the memory of all the things that have happened in that area in it and like whereas Texas was the last state To enter into the union.
They've always been like hang the fuck back hold on You know we we had to get through the command she did establish this but the place like settle down there you know texas rangers had to go out there and cold camp and go and try to assassinate these bands of fucking killers riding horses that were just fucking up the Americans like they couldn't pass they couldn't pass they couldn't get through this was the spot where it's like this place was fucked until they conquered it it stayed fucked [47:03] and then they did and now it's the whole place has a memory of that.
Yes.
There's a thing about the attitude of this place.
Yeah, dude.
It's, but it's not what people think.
Like people think they're assholes.
They're the nicest, friendliest people.
People think they're stupid.
They are some brilliant people that I've met that live out here, normal people one of my neighbors was a texas ranger and he is the coolest guy and you know he's an older guy now he's retired but and he's still intimidating and um...
yeah man like he like he like uh...
he's like he's so man.
And like, and he, I'm trying not to give away the respect in his privacy.
He, every once in a while in the neighborhood, we would hear this boom, sounds like a generator exploding.
And like, it's his canon.
[48:01] He's got like a little fucking canon.
And like, he like, he's like, it's a canon in his yard.
Oh, it's a little but like he's so it's a shoot not Well, he doesn't put cannonballs in it.
There's a way to do it.
So like my kid like one day pulls up in front of my house with a truck.
It's like one of my kids burnt like it just had a birthday and he's like, did I want to see the cannon?
I'm like, I do.
I know I do.
And so like it was like the coolest thing ever, man.
He takes this fucking can, little little cannon.
I'm looking at it.
I'm like, that can't be loud.
You know what I mean?
It takes this little cannon.
He does some crazy like pirate shit with it that I still don't understand.
He's like, knows how to operate a cannon.
Boom!
My kids were like, holy shit, my neighbors ran into the yard because they thought something had happened.
Well, Duncan, you've shot guns before?
Yeah, think about how little gunpowder is in, right, like a nine millimeter.
Right.
[49:00] It's not a lot.
Right.
It's crazy loud.
Right, you're right.
It's just contained by that barrel.
Yeah.
Right.
And so a cannon is that.
Yeah.
I got that.
I got that.
I got that.
Bullet.
But it's basically like the little cannon is kind of the same thing.
Well, it totally made me like, you know, it gave me a new picture of like cannon battles on ships.
Bro, imagine how loud that was.
I mean, imagine how loud that was.
Like real cannons?
Yeah, dude.
Like I've been to a football game when they shoot off a cannon.
But I don't know if that was like a real cannon cannon.
You know, like it probably, like the UNLV, what do they use?
I mean, not UNLV, yeah.
UNLV, I blame the weed Dude the like the UT one do they have [50:01] Oh, geez.
Hey guys.
Let it go.
Yeah, maybe recreate an earlier cannon, guys.
You can't do a fucking pirate cannon.
Yeah, do a pirate cannon.
It does a show.
Oh, no.
A witch side, bro.
It says it fires four shotgun shells after every time.
That's crazy.
Oh, so that's what it does.
It does a shotgun shell.
It does a shotgun shell.
It's a 10 gauge blank shotgun shells.
Okay, okay.
So I guess that's probably not the sound of an actual cannon.
Look at that.
Look at that, crazy.
That's a happy cannon, man.
Yeah, it's really loud.
But the point is, I wonder like, to shoot a cannon ball, like at a ship, back then, like how much gunpowder they use and how fucking loud was that?
And how deaf were those motherfuckers?
The dudes who had to work the cannons?
Deaf?
Deaf is fucked.
Deaf is fucked, dude.
And how much brain damage you get to stand in next set, they boom!
Or they're equal.
Or they're equal.
They're equal.
If you don't get out of the way, it will rip your leg off.
God, man.
Yeah, that thing is flying back, right?
Didn't they have them on tracks?
Yeah, man.
[51:06] Yeah, it will, like, I don't know.
So it just rip out of the fucking floor.
Didn't they have like cannons on tracks?
I just saw this.
So they made that up.
That's probably how they just moved them.
No, I thought they were on tracks, like so that when they shot, they would slide back and not rip the I just saw that John Adams duck on Netflix.
I think it's on Netflix.
I don't know what it's on, but there was a cannon battle in a ship and like, yeah, dude just gets his fucking leg ripped off because it like goes back into it.
Dude, isn't it crazy that that seems crazy to us?
But like how many people died in cannon battles as opposed to like when Israel bombs Gaza.
Like how many people are, like a bomb which we do right now, it seems so much more brutal than cannon battles.
Like cannon battles seem like really ineffective.
They probably sucked.
How far did that cannonball go?
Like how good were they at judging it?
[52:01] Here we go.
This is what a cannon's like.
I am.
judging it.
Here we go.
This is what a cannon's like.
Damn.
See how it slides back?
It's on wheels.
Yep.
And then there's a rope that catches it.
Yeah dude.
Dude, what?
I'll imagine life back then.
And they thought that was the shit.
That was like a fucking iPhone 16.
Bro, I got a cannon.
Yeah.
You know, we used to be able to, used to have to go up to the boat, jump in, hack everybody to death, light it on fire.
Now.
I think it.
You shoot it from over here.
Incredible.
You don't even have to jump on the boat.
Amazing.
Yes.
Yeah, man, I'll hopeful is not because of like the bombings and the deaths obviously.
It's the outcry.
Like when in history has there been this level of outcry like no, what are you doing?
It's not like to me, that's the sign that human consciousness is evolving to value life in a way that maybe [53:11] we didn't value before.
Because there have been infinite wars.
Including how many people did we fucking bomb?
How many civilians did we fucking kill when we were fucking bombing Iraq?
How many people did we fucking bomb?
How many people, how many civilians did we fucking kill when we were fucking bombing Iraq?
How many?
No, there's a, it's a lot, right?
Well, they don't know like the full number.
You get two different people's numbers, but they think that it's somewhere in the neighborhood of a million people died.
Right.
So, so in that.
Right, is that correct?
Is that I think it's also like death that they attribute to things that happen because of the war, but I think it led to a million innocent deaths, or somewhere in that range.
You think that was a high end?
But there was an outcry over that war, but like the same as this.
But yeah, but- [54:00] What if you think about the numbers?
Yeah.
I think it's also the access that we have now to cell phone footage and how good it is and how quickly it gets posted.
I mean, that's relatively recently, you know?
Yeah.
Like, that's the real abilities of these phones, like to make videos like they do now.
How long has that been going on?
You're right.
10 years?
You're right, Ten years?
You're right.
You know?
100,000.
66,000 civilians.
210,296 civilian deaths from violence.
109,000 deaths including 66, 181 civilian.
That's weird.
I understand what they're saying there.
Hold it.
What's that?
It just pulled that section from the middle of this whole thing.
Civilian death from violence.
Does that mean war?
Like what does that mean?
So that's civilians that were killed entirely by war or is that civilians that died just [55:04] from violence?
Well, any kind of violence.
Yeah.
Like stabbing your neighbor.
But this is like, Karlin does jokes about this.
This is what's really insidious about this shit.
It's like, it's war.
Yeah.
Say it's fucking war.
It's like, the violence is related to war.
So don't say from violence, say from fucking war because that's what war does and You know, it's really crazy looking at Dead human numbers go put that back up please When you're looking at the number 210,296 civilian deaths from violence when you look look at that number, it's so too dimensional.
You don't get an understanding of how insanely evil that number really is.
210,296 people that didn't have to die.
How many memories that died [56:02] because someone wanted to do something and got a group of people to go and do their bidding and they all were authorized to shoot people.
Yeah, man.
This is a crazy thing that we still do as human beings.
And the problem is I don't see a way out of it because terrorists are real.
Criminals are real.
Bad people are real.
This is the world we're living in, unless...
You take mushrooms.
We gotta get mushrooms legal for the entire country, the whole country, and just force them down everybody to throw.
Do force people to do mushrooms.
Do it for everyone else.
That's our robots.
That's our robots.
Our robot fucking, like a bird, it just pokes its fucking thing in your mouth and sprays the lesib Arrobots.
That's how...
Arrobot fucking, like a bird.
It just pokes its fucking thing in your mouth and sprays the leseybin in there.
Can you imagine if AI forced us all to take tilisybin?
What a horrible day that would be.
But imagine if that was AI solution.
AI was like human beings actually developed their consciousness through this sort of relationship [57:04] that they had with Cubence as mushrooms.
And this is the facts, and this is how we know, and this is why the doubling of the human brain size is such an anomaly and it aligns with the Terence Bakenna's theories about how the grasslands receded.
It's an upgrade.
The rainforests receded into grasslands, and people started eating cow shit bugs and cow shit mushrooms, and cow shit mushrooms, and then they started thinking about things different.
Oh my God.
Imagine the AI tells us that's how.
So you just need to keep going.
Yeah, I would say.
Yeah.
You guys like quit.
Like, you know, you got your purple belt, and you're like, I'm trying to get an engine, and you're backed out.
Go deeper, go deeper.
You need a little deeper.
Little deeper.
Little bit.
And if AI just like tells people like this is what you really should be taking, like imagine if like instead of mushrooms, especially psilocybin, instead of it being something that terrifies people and that makes people think, oh my god, you take it, you're going to lose your mind, you take it, you're going to be a fucking loser.
[58:00] Imagine if it was actually scientifically proven that it does make you smarter and it makes you more effective at being a person and that these are the right doses.
Imagine if AI just starts spitting out doses in order to gain this percentage of increase in cognitive ability.
Fucking best.
You can get this percentage of increase in empathy at this dose for this many days and it just starts like re-energizing engineering human beings.
Dude, Silasibon.
You know one of the things that Ramdas said, which I love is when they would ask him things like how, you know, how did this happen to you?
How did you get, where, how do you get like to be this benevolent like thing that is radiating love all the time, which he was?
He goes, I trusted the mushroom.
And he minute, dude.
And because I don't know that we get a Ramdas without psilocybin.
Because there's a beautiful, famous story of him hanging out with Tim Leary and some other luminaries and they had synthetic psilocybin.
[59:01] And that was pretty much the real beginning of his path.
And sometimes I'm a little skeptical about this concept because I worry that, because I've met people who are really into psychedelics, who are somehow at one of the opposite direction.
They're really kind of egoic, they're into the dosage, and how how many times they're very guru-like.
They become guru.
You know, by the way, guru isn't always bad, but they become narcissistic.
They become power gurus, more like sorcerers and co-leaders.
Co-leaders.
And so, yeah, so I worry that, you know, because everyone's like, what if we just gave Putin a shitton of mushrooms?
It's like, well, it's gonna go one of two ways.
Like, it's gonna be like where you just like, it's like, oh my fucking god.
Oh my fucking god.
I thought I was Russian.
I'm an earthling.
[1:00:01] What the fuck was I think?
This is, I was conditioned conditioned this is brainwashing I got brainwashed by culture and And it's over guys no more of this shit.
I retire.
I'm moving to fucking Hawaii Whatever but like the Eric goes the other way, which is like oh God wants me to fire nuclear missiles God wants me to fire nuclear missiles.
You know what I mean?
You know, we don't know.
Roll the dice.
Right.
Roll the dice.
So, yeah, but I do think if we're looking at like massive, like instantaneous shifts in planetary consciousness, psychedelics, definitely one of the ways.
Like, if you were to the brotherhood of eternal love No, but Don't I don't like the way it sounds.
I think he'd like them The name it's like that sounds like the bad people in some really corny movie does brotherhood of eternal love You're the brotherhood of eternal love speaking of which I saw a really good movie last night what um [1:01:06] What it is I think it's called, Late Night with the Devil.
It's about, it's a 2020 form movie about a talk show host in 1977 that has this girl come on the show.
And it's like really done, like it looks like you're in 1977.
Okay.
And the girls possessed.
And it like, like it builds man.
Dude, it's so fucking good.
Have you seen this?
Yes.
Oh, you loved it, right?
Dude, I loved it.
It's great.
It's so good.
The night with the devil officially, I mean, I think it just came out a couple months ago.
I must have just went straight to being streamed, but it's fucking good, man.
And that's good casting, dude.
All of it, like that, the host is so much like that level talk show host from that time period.
And it's scary and it's fucking good.
Yeah, it's solid.
Highly recommend.
Yeah, it was solid.
It was really solid.
Solid, dude.
Dude, you know what I just saw?
[1:02:00] That, and I was super skeptical about this one.
But it's not bad.
The Pope's exorcist.
Have you seen that?
Did I know, I had the same thinking, my brother-in-law who's got really good taste in movies and he's like, it's actually not that bad.
It's a little cheesy.
It's fucking good, dude.
Really?
Yes, it's very good.
But stupid, but good.
You know what I mean?
Like, this is the Pope's exercise?
Yeah, and I usually don't get into Russell Crowe.
I don't get into exercise movies usually.
Why do they all fucking turn their head like that?
But what's interesting is this guy, the Pope, has an exercise and he wrote a bunch of fucking books.
And so it's kind of drawing from like stories of this guy doing exorcisms.
And it's fascinating man, it's really interesting.
It would be the greatest deception ever if demonic possession was real and we were all mocking [1:03:00] it.
And then one day you saw it.
You actually saw it.
You were like, oh no, it's real.
Dude, I think it is real.
Like, I think we've just come up with new words for it.
But have you ever had this happen?
I'm gonna get made fun of this.
Have you ever had this happen?
Have you ever been like super high?
You're walking down the street.
You pass somebody having a psychotic episode.
And they start saying what you're thinking.
If you ever have that happen.
No.
I have.
Really?
Yeah.
I have what you're thinking though.
I'm hot.
I feel crazy.
I was thinking, I feel crazy.
I feel crazy.
I'm hot!
You're like, oh my god, he knows he agreed with my mind.
I'm too high right now!
How he can read my mind.
No, no, it was like, no, he was like kind of like, he was like garbling out like shit.
I think I was thinking about like, I mean, obviously any of this stuff, it's not scientific.
Obviously, he's not scientific.
Wait a minute, you're not a scientist.
I am a scientist.
I am actually, yeah, I am a fucking scientist.
[1:04:06] I study rainbows.
I study the power of rainbows to heal animals.
There is, I forget who posted it up with just some video of all these college kids talking about, it went viral.
All these college kids talking about what their degree was in and all these woke kids with these ridiculous degrees, like what they studied.
Yeah, man.
Dude, very expensive to get those fucking degrees.
It is a hilarious video, because it's like, how does anybody not see that that is a massive waste of your time?
Like, what have you done?
You have been tricked.
You have been tricked into getting a degree in nonsense?
Dude.
And right, papers in nonsense and books on nonsense.
But aside from that, you know what you've really been tricked into?
You've become a fucking vassal of the banks.
Like you are eternally indebted to the structures [1:05:01] that you are opposing.
It's like, oh, what's your oh so you Spent how much again like a hundred and eighty thousand dollars to get to major and like communist studies Great, okay You're late on your payment You got to pass now.
I mean not only that.
It's the ultimate mafia group.
Like they want your money no matter what.
Even if social security, fuck you, pay me.
They're the ultimate fuck you, pay me, people.
Fuck you, pay me.
You can't, apparently we talked about this before, but apparently there are certain circumstances under which there's a certain type of bankruptcy that'll allow you to evade that, but I wonder what that is.
It's suicide.
This is a fucking stupid form of podcast, but I don't understand enough to interrupt.
Yeah, I remember us talking about it.
I'm gonna understand it either.
Dude, this is like, man, what we've definitely talked about this before, but rest in peace, David Graber, [1:06:01] or a great book called Bullshit Jobs.
Brilliant mind, man, Brilliant mind, but he basically talks about how like, so ideas, I'm gonna go to college.
Oh, discharge.
No problem, man.
Discharge and bankruptcy.
If you declare bankruptcy and then the bankruptcy court determines repaying your loans would cause undue hardship, your loans can be discharged.
How many times is that happen zero it's like it yeah it's legal long as judge decides i'm sorry but repaying your loans always produces undue fucking hardship it sucks to pay back loans it sucks it always sucks i want to fucking nice money about i want to swimming boy like for example several types of loans associated with education expenses are dischargable in bankruptcy like most other types of unsecured consumer debt.
These types of loans for education expenses are not subject to the more difficult standard and extra step.
These loans could include, for example, loans where the loan amount was [1:07:03] higher than the cost of the attendance such as tuition, books, rooms, and board, which can occur when a loan is paid directly to a consumer, loans pay for education.
So that means they could do it, they could forgive you if the loan amount was higher than the cost of attendance, is that what it's saying?
Or is it saying it's going to pay you the difference?
Like you could deduct the difference when you get a bankruptcy.
Lowens to pay for education at places that are not eligible for title for funding include unaccredited colleges, a school in a foreign country.
So so much for your wizard university Duncan, you can't go bankrupt with your wizard degree.
You still have to pay.
Are you fucking kidding?
You have to pay.
You have to pay.
You have to pay.
In debt for this shit.
It says you have to pay.
And also it's like.
It's unaccredited, Duncan.
But the rainbow thing, it's like something's changed in the earth's atmosphere because It's not healing anymore.
It's an unaccredited wizard school.
Yeah, you went cheap and now you're fucked.
[1:08:06] Well, I'm sorry, Joe.
Not everybody who is born a billionaire like you.
I wasn't born a billionaire.
I know you weren't, I'm joking.
I don't think that wizard stuff is good anyway.
I think it's healing.
I think you're toying with the devil.
Just like that late night show.
I'm that little bald guy.
Okay.
I was like, in the show, that's me.
Well, I'm like, hey, you're messing with something.
Can I ask you something?
Yes.
Where did the devil come from?
That's a good question.
Did God make the devil?
What a mean trick.
Right?
Imagine.
Do you need the devil?
Do you need, is it symbolic of what we need in this life?
Like, do we need to see what's happening in Palestine in order to reassess the way we behave as a civilization?
Do we need crime to get out of hand before we realize that law and order is important?
[1:09:00] And that we really need to like figure out a way to stop crime at its root source, which is disenfranchised people.
Do we really need to like figure out a way to stop crime at its root source, which is disenfranchised people.
Do we really need something?
Like maybe that's the only way we learn.
That's maybe there's like, you know, like lottery winners, they don't do well, dude.
They don't do well because they didn't learn.
They just got all this money like, wow, another Joe and blow and they're out of fucking rotten.
It's gone.
No, it's gone.
And now you're mad and everybody's mad at you and you didn't invest in the business with your uncle.
And everybody's pissed at you.
So you're asking, do we need the devil?
I wonder if you need a bad and a good.
I wonder if you need something.
I wonder if you need to see 200 plus thousand dead people and just have that number in your head and just try to picture what that looks like.
I wonder if we need that in order to realize, yes, yes, that there's like, you don't grow without resistance.
Like, this is, we're thinking of it as just playing, this is life, but we're in the middle of a process.
Yeah.
[1:10:01] We're in the middle of a process.
Everyone understands this and no one thinks about it.
We are in the middle of this intellectually evolutionary process.
And there's something...
That's funny that I said, those two words in such a goofy way.
Intellectual evolution.
But there's a thing going on where we're assuming that civilization is going to be better all the time and we're always going to get better all the time, which is really interesting, because no other animal does that.
There's not another animal alive that says we only killed 47 zebras this year.
Next year we're fucking cranking it up, we're going to be better and more efficient.
We want to be better at everything.
We want to be better at our industry, we're gonna be better and more efficient.
We wanna be better at everything.
We wanna be better at our industry.
We wanna be better at fixing our infrastructure.
We wanna be better at housing.
We wanna be better all the time.
Like there's this constant push for progress.
And if you just step back and look at where there's going with this train wreck of AI happening at the same time, [1:11:00] that's going on.
It's like, oh, we were fueling this.
Yeah, we're fueling the takeover.
We were buying iPhones dude I think this is so funny you're mentioning this because honestly, it's so embarrassing It's this is so dumb.
I don't care.
I'm wearing a robot outfit.
I had the gym yesterday And the gym yesterday, I'm working out and I've started listening to classic gospel music.
Whoa.
It is so good.
If you're having a shitty day, it doesn't matter if you're not Christian, just fucking listen to it.
It's so upbeat.
And like it makes you happy and it's kind of magical.
But like, so I'm at the gym and I'm thinking about Jesus because I've been listening to gospel music.
And like I was thinking like, so I'm at the gym and I'm thinking about Jesus because I've been listening to gospel music and like, I was thinking like, oh, oh, like maybe the idea as far as like the devil goes because I always wonder that who made the devil?
Why did God make the devil?
Why is there a devil?
Is there a devil?
Is it just a fucking symbol for something?
But I realized like, oh, like, you know that stupid song, if you love somebody, set them free.
[1:12:07] Yeah.
So it's like the idea being, I'm making you, you're sentient.
I'm setting you free.
And I'm setting you free in a fucking universe where there are, there's collectivized evil.
There's some kind of like, like, semantics.
There's some kind of thing that forms, which will fuck you up.
And because I love you, I'm gonna let you figure it out.
And then, from that perspective, and also if there is some super intelligence, and somehow in the universe, there's a bifurcation or something that's centered on the self instead of others that has an intelligence to it to really like fucking flex to that thing.
You're like, okay, I'm just going to give you these things that I love so much.
And if you when, if you corrupt my creation fully, then you win.
[1:13:07] I was wrong, but I don't think you are.
I don't think it's gonna happen.
Because inevitably, whatever it is, you take a psychedelic, for me whenever I take psychedelics, too many, right away I start thinking about how selfish I am.
I start thinking like, dude, like it hurts.
It hurts to be jealous.
It hurts to be jealous.
It hurts to not help.
It hurts to be so cherishing of myself.
And anytime I'm not doing that, I'm so happy.
Like so, but to force that out, you can't force that out of somebody.
They have to stumble upon it somehow.
And there's like, that's Christianity.
That's- They don't get it unless they feel it.
That's it.
And so to let these things, theoretically, I'm talking about from Christian cosmology, that you love more than anything else, to fuck it, which by the way, like in the Garden of Eden story, when God says something like, where are you to Adam and Eve?
And apparently the original translation [1:14:09] that crying out is the way of, like you know, if you ever lost your kid at a playground, it's that.
It's not like, where are you slaves?
It's like when you're calling for your kids.
So yeah, it's heavy, man.
And so like, so yeah, I feel like that maybe the whole thing is designed for us individually to stumble upon that basic truth that underneath the shell is love.
And the love wants to express itself and love doesn't express itself by saying, me, me, me, me, me, me.
Love is always like, I love you.
What can I do for you?
Let me help you.
It's like the person swimming into the lake for no reason to get that last person who fucking was in a car accident.
And they drown.
You know, they get the person to save you and they die.
This is, to me, I think that's the devil, that's why it's there.
It's, it might be real.
I think it's a term of convenience, it's great.
[1:15:07] But it's like, holy shit man, like, as an inclination, it's real, right?
Like whether or not you murder a baby because the devil made you do it or because some other force that is just like the devil that just happens to be a part of human beings, and violent rages they could do horrific things.
And then on top of that, also intentionally evil, just like chimpanzees.
I mean chimpanzees do it.
Do we think that devil's invading the chimps when they're doing it?
Or do we think that this is some bygone, some leftover shit that's in our DNA that can go sideways and allow people to become serial killers.
You do.
A lot of people to become assassins.
I think it's a semantics argument.
I think it's like, it's an identification of a possibility in a human life.
There is a possibility in a human life to make a series of shitty decisions.
[1:16:01] And those shitty decisions lead you into darker and darker and darker experiences of reality and the darker your experience of reality, the more likely you are to make a shitty decision because like you've gotten yourself into fucking debt, you went to wizard school, you've got your study fucking rainbow magic, it doesn't seem to be real, no one's coming to your clinic, now you're like 800,000 dollars in fucking debt and now what are you going to fucking do?
You've got to figure000 in fucking debt.
And now what are you gonna fucking do?
Like you gotta figure out a way to make money.
So how are you gonna make the fucking money?
Well, you find some scam or some shit, right?
And then the next thing you know, now you're like lying to people.
And now that you're lying to people, you have to keep fucking lying to people.
And then you start lying to yourself.
And then you get lost of self deception that leads you into lower and lower and lower levels of consciousness.
Until the next thing you know, you're in fucking jail or you're dead, you're killing somebody.
And so like, you call it whatever you want to fucking call it, but this entropic reality in human existence is very fucking real.
And the message of all the great lineages, whether it's Hinduism, Christianity, Buddhism, [1:17:04] is at any given moment in that hell state you've gotten yourself into.
There is a way to get the fuck out.
You don't have to be in hell.
It's like what C.S.
Lewis says, the gates of hell are locked from the inside.
There's a fucking way out.
It's so good dude.
It's so good.
It's so good.
That's a good one.
And that's you know that's that's why I love Jesus.
That's why I love the message of praise.
Praise God.
I heard that song right?
Yeah dude I'm like.
That song is fucking great.
It shows up on my gospel playlist isn't it weird that that guy like that was it?
There was like that was his song.
It's just like this one song that was a banger, but you listen to the rest of them.
Oh, that sucks.
Oh, God, man.
That's the worst.
There's a few of those guys that we find.
You know, Johnny Thunder, you know that song I'm alive.
No, I played that song for so many fucking people, including musicians, you know, I played it for Zach Brian.
He was like, woo!
Like you hear it, people like, God damn!
[1:18:06] And it's from 1969.
One-hit wonder.
Dude, I don't even think it was a hit.
There was another version of it that his version of Amalive was a cover of.
And it was better than the original version.
And it was so good.
You're like, if this guy can make this song, somebody needs to write for him, man.
This guy's a star.
This guy's got bangers.
I mean, this was a fucking tremendous song, and it was just one.
Dude, I know, it's like, that's got, that just is like, it's gotta be so scary, man.
Like, you know, when you make a great movie, and then you gotta make your next movie, and like, it's gotta be fucking good.
Like say you make that movie, what's it called, Deus Ex Machina?
You know that movie?
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
And you're like, you're, I gotta make another movie.
And then you're like civil war.
And oh fuck.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Sorry.
That's the guy, right?
I'll look scarlet.
[1:19:05] Oh, no.
Man, I'm sorry, I'll look scarlet.
By the way, you're brilliant.
Like I get it.
Like the attempt, I get it.
And who knows?
You never know what happened in the process.
And like, man, I feel like now this is so, I'll start doing video.
And I'm recognizing just like how hard it is just to like get the lighting right from my dumb ass and then they're rambling like anyone who makes a fucking movie is a genius fucking wizard So I do and all the people that come together some of them just don't work out the way they want to work out They just don't work out that's how it is like like pilots for TV shows It's for sketches that people create yeah, yeah, you know, but like I just like I think doing a video podcast and then critiquing a great director is pretty fucked up man.
I just I don't mean I just in a lot of people like the movie but um you try to dig yourself out.
I'm just so bad.
I feel bad.
No, but God damn it was horrible.
[1:20:06] It was so bad.
It was so bad.
Oh my god, this is funny.
Yeah, I'm glad I didn't see it.
No, you're lucky to see it.
You've been watching the gentlemen on Netflix.
Now what's that?
Oh, dude.
It's a Guy Richie series on Netflix.
It's fucking amazing.
What is it?
It's about these weed growers in the UK.
Cool.
I don't want to give away any more of it, but it's basically the movie the gentlemen.
I don't know if you ever saw the movie, but this is the same world that the movie takes place in just with different characters.
Cool.
It's fucking great, man.
It's great, Joe.
I think it has like six episodes or how many episodes did I have?
Eight.
There's some good movies coming out right now, man.
[1:21:01] It's kind of awesome.
We went through like a pretty rough, sentiment drought.
I don't know, do you remember?
COVID, I mean, you gotta think about how many movies get, they get drawn up, they get funded.
COVID hits, everything gets shut down.
Everything gets shut down.
And then everybody loses money.
No one's going to the movies anymore.
Everything's fucked.
Yeah, that's sad.
You know, this is so fucking...
I haven't seen it but it hurts also.
They start making movies like that.
They start making Banger movies again.
Dude, Dune 2 is so fucking good.
I watched it with a song and dude, I was like, you know that, like you get bliss and movies are so good and you're the right amount of stone.
And like you realize like, oh my god, it's only been 30 fucking minutes and this is already the most insanely beautiful thing I've ever seen in my fucking life.
The soundtrack.
When you look up how they made the soundtrack for that movie, it is insane, man.
[1:22:03] Everything about it is like they had throats singing in it.
They've got like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, everything about it is like, they had throats singing in it, they've got like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I didn't read that.
Frank Herbert, it's one of the best sci-fi books I've done.
I think I've read...
I think I've read one of those.
Do they make me into like comic books, like really nice comic books?
Probably.
Did they?
But you can't, I never got into the first one.
The first movie, so when the second one came around, I was like, ah!
Oh, dude.
I keep hearing this amazing.
Second one's better than the first and the first was great.
If you're like a doon nerd, which I am, but like- Like you're a doon nerd.
Oh I'm a doon nerd, I've been reading that book since- Oh what interesting.
Dude, the spice m'launch.
And like, but the way he's, first really respect, Stamets talks about it like I think yeah.
[1:23:06] Yeah.
And whoa.
Duncan, this is what gonna happen when Trump wins.
Ha ha ha.
Robert De Niro is right.
Robert De Niro is right Robert De Niro is right Duncan Do you want to line up and lose all your rights?
And he never leaves the White House and you have throat singing on the Capitol Hill step you So funny I was like dude that sounds awesome Make a mess over Everybody's nothing gets a gun Make a mess over there, get it, get it, get it.
Yeah, you make me, you make me money, you sneak thing, get to gun, grinds it in the morning, grinds it in the morning.
You sneak in, we'll give you money.
It's gonna be a good game, vote for us.
Dude, yeah, so like the, there's always theories about doing it.
But the blue eyes, so you eat this spice melange [1:24:07] that like, that you need it for space travel.
It's only produced on, you know the story, but like the blue eyes.
So there's a theory, because he was Frankervo's a mycologist.
The blue eyes represent psilocybin.
And like that was his moulange is like psilocybin.
And like, yeah dude.
And he apparently, I think it's Sam Fran, he was living on a boat next to Alan Watts.
Oh.
And they were, they were fucking friends.
So a lot of the, like, you remember the gummujer bar, the needle that that witch puts to Paul the tradies neck to say, like they wanna find out if you're human, so you put your hand in this box that if you pull your fucking hand out of the box, she stabs you with this needle, it kills you because you're not human, who gives a fuck.
And so, gom jibar, gom is into betting Buddhism as the name for meditation.
So there's all these, like clearly, [1:25:01] it was pals on the wads lots and he like like weaves a lot of like the lot of the language in it is like the The daughter in the womb.
I think her name is Alia Which is like a Buddhist term for like the emptiness for a state of pure consciousness And so it's a deep book is my point and you know you would love it and it inspired Star Wars, right?
Didn't we just talk about this we did right?
Don't get my no more about that, but it was that they came from the same thing, I think.
What do you mean?
Dune and Star Wars came from the same place, like they both and they were inspired by the same thing.
I asked that question out loud.
I thought I thought we talked about it the other day.
Did we not talk about it on the podcast?
Okay, we did, right?
But I think it was, Dune came before Star Wars, and then Star Wars was written by different people.
I don't know.
I think Dune predates Star Wars for sure.
Yeah, Dune predates Star Wars.
We talked about it the other day.
What is the whole story though?
What were you trying to say?
I didn't understand what you're saying.
I had asked that out loud.
I said, isn't Dune just, or Star Wars is a Dune rip off?
And then I dug into it and it says that they both, [1:26:07] like I'm sorry, both creators took similarities and inspiration from the same original source.
I think it's, but what's the original source?
I'm trying to read as I'm talking, that's what I'm saying.
Oh, so there's something else.
There was an original story like that.
I'm sorry.
It's like a short story.
Dude is influenced.
Probably, it's like the greatest sci-fi book, if you ask me, and it's influenced all sci-fi.
It's so fucking good, dude.
And did you see David Lynch's, dude?
No.
Oh, man.
You gotta watch.
Sting is in David Lynch's, dude.
And like, Man, I did see it.
That was the original one, right?
The Lynch one was the original one.
Yeah, and I didn't get into it.
No, well, it was massively criticized because like there have been attempts to do Dune.
This famous guy, Jotarowski, there's a whole documentary on his idea for Dune.
David Lynch takes on the project.
And where the Dune we have now succeeds [1:27:02] where he failed is they broke the book into two movies.
Every sci-fi property you love is based on foundation.
And you're asking?
Isaac Asimov's foundation series is widely understood to be the inspiration for Star Wars Dune and even the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.
Wow.
You know one of the things about the new Dune is the people that grime me.
Right.
They look like they're really in that world.
There was a thing about those old dunes that I couldn't get into, because everybody looked too clean.
Everybody looked like they just stepped right out of wardrobe.
I just didn't, you know what I'm saying?
Like you see that when the guys throat singing and those people were walking down and putting, everybody's dirty.
Yeah, it's cool.
They're grimy.
That's a, yeah.
You live in a crazy, fucked up, hard ass life.
Yeah, yeah.
And like in the book, even in the newest one, I don't think they can vey like he writes about the smell in those speeches in the underground, like, [1:28:00] in the caves that the Fremen are living in.
He talks about the smell of the bio and they're like just all of these people living underground and the stink of that But dude, did you see that video of David Lynch eating a girl eating this girl's panties?
What No For real yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm actually doing that Jamie do you want one of this you want to Lucy?
Yeah, let me spit this thing out Renegade rogue.
Thank you.
Hey, do you know the Zen conspiracy?
Do you know about this?
We're all being accused of secretly being sponsored by Zen Yeah, it's the funniest shit.
Okay, watch this.
This is crazy.
Okay.
This would be being dedicated to Deb.
Dude, is that not real?
That's a eyebrow god damn it.
I don't know, ma'am.
He's looking forward to this When did when was it posted?
Yeah, no look because this just stood up There I did see multiple videos or versions of the video too.
It just looked like his mouth was moving weird [1:29:04] I mean, I hope it's real.
Thank you very much.
They're still warm Okay now The very warm is matter of fact cinnamon okay, and now The deal is I'm going to put these panties in my mouth And for now's WMM's full username.
Are you ready?
He's a genius.
What the fuck, dude?
I love him.
down.
Okay that that's probably one of them frequencies that called the devil.
Like that sound that's probably what the devil responds to.
If you have a mouthful of panties you try to read anything the devil's like I got you.
I got you now.
That's a sound of God.
This is a sound that you make.
Like a sound you make with a mouthful of panties.
[1:30:07] I just imagine, demons just summon, and they're like, we were waiting for you to open the portal.
Like you have to make that sound.
Like the only way to make that sound is to be such a deprave fuck.
Do you have someone's panty stuffed in your mouth?
May I stop you there?
I don't think it's the prey to shove a beautiful woman's pain either but the devil thinks that it is and God thinks it is.
Well, if they agree, like this is an opportunity to go after him.
Look, this guy's out there eating people's underwear.
Let me tell you he's not going to solve the world's problems.
He's so crazy he's eating underwear.
Why does everybody want to solve the world's problems?
Let's shove it.
We're all in this together, Duncan.
I wanna eat panties.
We are on the production line for AI, and you're not doing your part.
Dude, I, listen, if there is a Satan, he doesn't want us to put panties in our mouth.
That's what the devil would really be.
The devil would really be anti panties in mouth, and be like, don't ever.
He would want you on Adderall and you want you working 24 hours a day?
Exactly.
Yeah.
Exactly.
[1:31:05] The devil doesn't want us, the devil hates David Lynch.
If there is a devil, he doesn't like David Lynch.
Right, because he's having fun.
Stuffed warm panties in his mouth.
Yeah.
It happened in 2000.
Two or three.
Back when it was legal.
What if that was illegal?
Well, the point of if you fucking develop laws for panty eating like enough we've summoned too many demons It's the way it's like people just realized that all you have to do is like and hold hands with mouthfuls of panties And if the two of you are talking at the same time you could summer a super demon dude Like it is kind of I mean like that's a that was a that wasn't like a dainty panty like he's stuffed a real panty in there that wasn't a G string that was like he was like back a little bit of a back to it like and then to still be able to talk oh yeah what a genius he's so good he's so good really good at talking dude I'm he's the best [1:32:00] the portal's open Oh my God.
Ah, the pot of soap.
Ah, the maaah!
Twin Peaks was great.
Creatures hiding in your closet.
David, thank you for bringing me.
Yeah.
Thank you, Dave.
I have an idea for your next job.
What are you talking about?
Sound you make with a mouthful of panties.
Dude, yeah, well, I mean, look, this is the thing.
Like, David Lynch is one of the great artists alive today.
And this thing where we expect artists to behave like normal people.
Yeah, I don't expect that at all.
Fuck it, not you, but like you read the comments and people are like, oh, they're so mad at them, I'm sure.
But I don't have to read it.
But it just says, this is like, that's just what it is.
And it's also not representative, I think, of actual, a real number of actual people.
The problem is, it's like, whatever you do a survey, people say, oh, the survey is like, no, you don't get a real percentage.
I don't give a fuck what your study says.
You only get 100% of the people that are on your survey are so fucking dumb that [1:33:10] they reply to surveys.
Yes.
This is not everybody.
Exactly.
It's not even close.
Exactly.
It's just like comments.
Who the fuck leaves comments?
How do you have time?
I think about that.
Unless you're like, good job.
Congratulations.
It's being nice.
Who has time?
Yeah.
If you do, there's no chance you're devoting the proper amount of time to the things in your life that you should.
Right.
So it's this massive distraction and you get these arguments online that distract you from the failures in your real life.
But that is representative in a lot of people's minds to how people think about whatever this person posted or whether this political argument that people are having about things.
But that's not real.
And then you've got the algorithm manipulation we were talking about, which is even more crazy.
Now not only do you have the most complaining, [1:34:01] fucking people complaining, but you have the algorithm showing things that gonna piss you off like, look at this fucking out.
And the phone's gonna know that you took a screenshot of the comment and you sent it to me.
And I'm like, wow, what a dick.
And I'll send it to other people.
I'll send people a link.
Look at this moron.
He's arguing people in the comments.
Yeah, that's it.
And that's a neurological hurricane sweeping through brains around the planet.
Amygdala's fucking squirtin', fucking quarters all.
Hanger, teams, fucking get ready to do battle.
For fucking what?
Yeah, dude.
For what?
What are you arguing about?
So this is, I've heard, I don't know if you've heard about this, like there's some, the kids now, I'm 50, so I could say that for sure.
The kids.
The kids now are apparently there's a whole new thing where they're just, they're putting their phones down.
There's this whole thing where they're just like, fuck this.
My friend was still.
Really?
Yes, that's what I heard that like, you're dealing with a lot of weird kids though.
Well, I'm not dealing with any kids.
Like my friend.
He knew it hippies.
They got fucking straw hats on.
They're in the woods barefoot.
Yeah, well, but I like tie dyed mushroom shirts on.
[1:35:06] If you think about it, like what do kids tend to do?
Like what I did, rebel.
And so like you're, so you're like God help you.
Let's imagine you're raised by like an influencer mom.
God help you.
So your whole childhood has been on camera.
And if it's not on camera, you're looking at your fucking mom staring at the comments of the video she posted if you open in Christmas presents.
Or you're just a standard kid and your childhood is constantly interrupted by your parents staring at their fucking phones.
So you get old enough, you're not gonna associate phones necessarily with good feelings.
And then you're like, you know what, fuck these things.
This made my parents fucking like distant.
It made my parents upset.
And they're just like fuck this, which means there's by the way, that's scary if you want to monitor populations.
[1:36:00] Wow.
Right now we're all in fucking Orwell, like some crazy version of 1984, way more sinister than the camera in your house.
It's like you're carrying it around, but suddenly these like formerly monitored populations, they just go dark, because like kids are just like, I'm not gonna do this, they're meeting in parks, God help us all, they're meeting in parks, and they're saying things that are untraceable.
No one knows what they're talking about.
And so now you've got these?
Yeah.
I like to believe you're correct.
This sounds like a movie.
This is from a Pew Research.
72% of US teens say they often and sometimes feel peaceful when they don't have their smartphone.
44% say it makes them feel anxious.
Good for a hobby's less so for socialization.
69% of teens say smartphones make it easier for youth to pursue hobbies and interests.
True, right?
That's a good aspect of it.
A few or 30% say it helps people their age learn good social skills.
That's true.
It doesn't do that, right?
Parental snooping, that's a problem.
Half of parents said they'd look through their teens' phone.
[1:37:05] You're going to find a lot of dicks.
The other half are liars.
About four in ten parents and teens regularly arguing with one another about time spent on their phone.
Nearly half of teens, 46% say their parent is at least sometimes distracted by their phone when they're trying to talk to them.
At what age do you think Felistar said in dick pics?
Do you think they wait until it's legal?
Would you?
I don't think they do.
So here's the thing.
Like, you know, there was a girl that was charged with, she was charged with child pornography.
I think she was 15 because she was sending naked photos of her body to other boys.
So like she was the pornography and the pornographer.
Right.
That's so fucked up.
Find that story, see if you can find that story because it was like a national outrage story because everybody's like, hey, hey, hey, man.
She's fucking 15.
[1:38:00] She's not a child porn producer.
Like this is a bastardization of the law.
Like this is just a girl's being silly.
That's insane.
She's not a child porn producer like this is a bastardization of the law like this is just a girl's being silly That's insane.
She's getting a little wild.
That is that's Terrifying she might have been talked into it like who the fuck knows like what is did she go to jail?
I don't know what the story of a 17 year old boy who is charged no no no girls a 15 they dropped the charges in this case Oh, okay, but find the one on the 15 year old girl I'm trying to remember with the the Thing is not the easiest thing to dig through looking for child porn's no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no 15 year old girl convicted for child porn You say that and you just scared to type it you gotta be careful with the words you look for I'll Google it you pussy Google's already like, they're taking everything.
You have ever Googled.
I typed in and I'm just showing you a popped up.
Kid charged with child porn.
How about 16 year old male?
I understand.
How about Google 15 year old girl charged with child porn?
[1:39:02] Girl.
Teen girl chargedger Child porn.
There it is.
That's it.
That's the girl.
There's another one.
There's more than one.
There was different cases.
Oh, revenge porn.
Oh, wait a minute.
This is different.
This is a 15 year old girl who's accused of requesting and sending nude photos to classmates under the identity of her ex-boyfriend.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Is facing multiple child porn charges.
What a demon.
She was sending them to classmates under the identity of her ex-boyfriend.
Wow.
How was she doing that?
Fucking.
So she was pretending that she was him and she was sending naked photos of herself to try to charge him for it.
Oh, she was trying to nail him.
Dude, she's a monster.
Oh, look at this.
She told police that she created a fake social account for revenge for the relationship ending [1:40:02] with her ex-boyfriend.
What a psycho.
She also admitted she was jealous that her ex-boyfriend chose him to perform a solo in state finals for band.
What happened?
She was the crazy bitch for band camp monster.
Remember that movie one time in band camp?
Yes.
Yes.
Wow.
What a psychopath.
She's only been on the planet 15 years and she's reached peak evil.
That is so crazy.
Imagine trying to set your boyfriend up with child porn.
Oh God damn it dude that is Was it was it like Dr.
Phil Kaye same thing?
I don't know what that story is here is that the same gal?
No, I probably not as they're talking to her look at that.
She's got a cover of horns with fucking Wow, I think she was in late night with the devil wow That's so crazy that someone could be that evil at that age.
Yeah, well, it's so that's such a great But then again, I mean you ever see that movie city of God [1:41:03] It's the gang movie from Brazil, from the Favellas.
Woo!
I say it's like one of the wildest gang movies I've ever seen in my life.
It's probably the wildest.
Yeah.
Now that's based on real life in the Favellas, in some places.
So that's a real, that's people really living it that way.
Like you gotta imagine, that's just you just become a sociopath at a very early age, people with psychopath at a very early age.
The only way to stay a lot.
Yep.
And then what are those ways to go through?
Or she's, she's so conniving.
She's gonna set up fake social media accounts.
Yeah.
And then get her boyfriend accused of child porn.
Yeah.
What?
Yeah, how distanced are you from like the fact that?
Fadeevious.
Very fucking devious.
How devious.
How devious.
Dude, if you read the painted bird, no.
Don't, I mean, it's so good, but it's the most like, it's like, it doesn't matter if you do spoilers for old books, [1:42:01] but like, one of the of the scenes, it's about a kid wandering, like I think it's World War II, he's lost his parents and he's got to like, he's just wandering through the countryside and seeing just the most horrific shit you've ever seen and surviving.
But like he watches these villagers take a woman and shove a bottle into her pussy and then stop on her pussy to break the bottle inside of her.
Yeah, dude.
And that's not even the worst thing in the book.
But so, so this innocent kid just is witnessing all of it and it's talking about what you're talking about.
It's like basically analyze, it's sort of like showing like, where does evil come from?
You know, are people born evil?
Statistically, some people are born sociopaths.
We know that, but it's a relatively small part of the population, but where does it come from?
And inevitably, it comes from trauma [1:43:00] that a kid is enduring, and then you have to survive.
Just like your saying, you were programmed to fuck us around.
And it's self-obituating.
It's gonna continue because they're all gonna see people murdered.
It's like people living in gang-infested neighborhoods in America.
Same thing.
You're seeing it happen all the time and it's affecting all those families.
It's gonna just keep rate.
The kids are gonna go into it.
They see the drug dealer rolls by in the nice car.
Yeah, everybody else is a sucker forgetting on the train.
Yeah.
And then everybody's in.
And then the next thing you know you're dead.
And then it just keeps going.
And you have kids that are raised without you.
And then you're, it's like, whoo!
And then what do you do?
So then what happens that reaction to the contagion is you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you like monster-fives somebody, you got to fucking forget how they became the monster.
[1:44:06] And then this is where you end up with a very non nuanced system of dealing with the contagion, which will produce more contagion.
This just spreads the fucking evil all over the fucking place.
And I grew with you, man.
I don't know the solution.
This I know, but in, like, you know, this is where imaginary numbers came up with, you know, and math.
It's like, you don't need to know the solution.
Put an X there.
It's like, clearly, this is a fucking problem.
We've got this, the people who are horrifically traumatized.
And then from, it made shitty decisions where they've got to commit to being some violent monstrous, thieving piece of shit and rationalize it and justify it.
But this is, if we could fix this problem, and I don't think the way we fix the fucking problem is dropping bombs on people.
[1:45:01] You're not fixing the problem like if the answer to evil is more evil, what the fuck?
It's like a never ending, it's like scratching poison ivy.
It's not going to go away.
Right.
And it actually makes more.
Like this is the thing that people are talking about this, the Israel Hamas thing.
Like how many, you know, who is it that told us about this the math?
The way Killing to like terrorist math goes Was it Dave Smith?
Probably Dave Smith sounds like some Dave Smith would talk about but essentially like if one terrorist dies It doesn't equal it you don't like lose one terrorist dies it doesn't equal You don't like lose a terrorist you gain ten because all the people that he's connected to they all become Radicalized they all want it you killed their friend you killed their family member kill their son They all so the you you gain more terrorist dude.
It's a it's it's the worst fucking problem ever, man, [1:46:07] cause like, you know, like whenever, like no matter how horrific the monster is, or like whatever it is, I try to like not be afraid to put myself in the position of whatever the fucking thing is.
And in this case, we've got two sides that right now seem to be being equally vilified by different groups of people, right?
But man, dude, let me tell you something.
If my fucking kid got blown up by a fucking bomb, right?
That's it.
My logic's out the window.
I would like to think that I'd really listen to all the Ramdas retreats and stuff.
And I'd like to think that I would be like Gandhi or have some blossom of love and be like, I forgive everyone.
I'm afraid that's not gonna happen.
I'm gonna wanna hurt.
And then if my fucking kid got dragged into a fucking tunnel, are you fucking kidding me, man?
[1:47:01] I'm not gonna see clearly.
Like, I'm going to want revenge and I want my kid back.
And whatever you do to get my fucking kid back, okay, like, have you seen the last of us?
Like, so what were, so this fucking like, othering of whatever the fucking side is, is just leaving out like, what it feels like to love your kid.
And like, like, look at a mother like it's throughout the animal kingdom.
Don't fuck with a creature's kid.
Like I'm sorry it will get you fucked up even if the thing smaller than you and you fuck with its kid it will like put itself in front of its kid.
So like we are looking at a problem of love sadly, which is like on both sides people love their fucking kids and it's been like, I can't imagine how a day goes by.
When you're fucking kids in a tunnel, [1:48:00] I can't imagine how a day goes by.
When you're thinking about how this thing that you fucking love more than anything in the world got its head fucking blown off in a fucking explosion in a building.
I don't know how you live one day like that, right?
So like when you look at that, the entirety of the thing is heartbreaking and irrational.
Both sides are, it's pure, it's completely irrational because both sides are trying to put out a fire with more fire.
And it's like, that's what it is.
Dude.
That's what it is, what you just said.
Yeah, man.
That's what it is.
Yeah.
Put out a fire with more fire.
And that, we've tried it a million times throughout human history to put out the fire with fucking fire.
And at the very best, the fire will temporarily abate, but then it springs right the fuck back up.
And so, and again, to me, I don't know the solution.
And that's the ex, it's like, but maybe the path [1:49:03] to the solution is let yourself feel it entirely for both for the whole fucking thing.
Feel the whole thing, you know?
And don't like, you know?
And again, if you're like these motherfuckers, fuck them, fuck them, more fire.
Your fuck them is the same thing causing the wars, right?
Well, it's a problem when human beings don't know human beings and they're the enemy that doesn't make any sense.
Regardless of how you think about religion and land, just stop for a second.
Human beings that don't know other human beings and hate them so much they want to kill them.
Like seems that's a communication issue.
Dude, that seems like the power of Babel shit.
Like the only way it makes sense.
If we really get to a point, and I don't think it's going to be far from now, where we're all connected with real-time translation in real-time, somehow or another.
I mean, they've already been able to do it with Google.
[1:50:02] You know, they're already doing it with Samsung phones where they can translate conversations.
You could be talking in Italian.
I could be talking in English, you'll translate back and forth to both of us.
It's wild what they're already able to do.
If we can get to some sort of, I mean, it's not out of the question that if they do develop these neural implants and there's not just neural link, there's several competing companies that are trying to do the same thing.
Because they've recognized that once you can actually affect the human mind with electronics and you can develop a symbiotic relationship with electronics, you could do some wild shit.
And one of the things is you're gonna be able to talk without words.
You're gonna be able to, well, if you're talking without words, what language is that in?
Are you hearing that in a language or are you understanding what the person's thinking?
So this is the difference.
If you're talking without words, what's the problem is how are we gonna be able to translate all these different languages and dialects?
We're not.
We're gonna go on thoughts.
We're gonna ditch language.
And we're gonna go straight to thoughts.
And we're gonna interface with each other [1:51:00] in a completely different way.
So instead of thinking, you're reading people's minds, hey Duncan, would you like to go get pizza?
Yeah, dude, are you reading my mind?
No.
Instead of that, it's like, I think your thoughts, you think my thoughts, we think together.
So we abandon language.
Yeah.
There's no more need for that.
That's it.
You have AI that deals with mathematical problems, yeah, and structures and construction of things, and then we just live in a world of thoughts with no language.
We're one thing now.
And then we're fucked, because then you can't go back.
You go back, you feel like you're just like walking when you just got out of a car.
Yes.
What the fuck, dude, I just drove, it took me two hours to get to Vegas in this car.
If I walk, it's to take years.
Dude, I might die.
This is why I think world peace is possible because if you fucking look at what's happening, the system, it's like the framework is being built for just what you're talking about.
The technological framework for a state, you to get into that state, you either need [1:52:02] to do a lot of psychedelics or a lot of meditation to really realize, like you're me, I'm you.
But the technological framework is forming for this thing to happen, which is why, man, like everyone fucking, I'm gonna seem like a musk fanboy in a Tesla suit.
Everyone bash and fucking musk.
It's like, dude, do you understand like what he's, what that in the future, when people look back on that shit, even if it doesn't work, even if the things are coming unplugged, whatever the fucking thing is, if that leads to what you're talking about, God damn, that's electricity.
That's like the end of war, that's the end of like, the ideological barrier.
Like if, imagine, like whoever you hate the most in the fucking world, boop, put the thing on.
You connect to them.
This is real.
And you just realize, Jesus fucking Christ, I see why they fucking hate me.
And they're like, oh my God, I get why you're mad at me.
I didn't mean it like that at all.
And then, but how about you just completely abandon [1:53:01] everything and it just consciousness interacting with other consciousness which makes hate impossible.
Yeah.
Because there's no more annoying language, there's no more people that are incapable of communicating the thoughts.
There's none of that stuff.
There's all that gone.
All that gone.
Which is like, that's the problem of being like a communication bully.
Like if you're a person and you know that you have a vastly superior, if you have a vocabulary like an Eric Weinstein, like for instance, imagine if Eric Weinstein decided to bully someone, like fucking Redban, you know?
Who's a brilliant guy?
But sometimes he stumbles on his words.
Like if I have fucking Eric Weinstein's yelling at him with a bunch of long words, you go, hey, that guy's being an intellectual bully.
You're not trying to communicate with him as a human being.
You're trying to dominate him with your superior vocabulary.
Exactly.
And it's a weapon.
And my vocabulary is like B plus.
[1:54:01] It's not that good.
It's pretty good.
But for a guy who talks for 11, he probably should be better.
You know?
Because sometimes I get to words and I'm like, I thought, all right, all right.
But I always say it.
I'm not sure if that's the right word.
But the point is that like it is a tool that you can wield to for the benefit of your ego, rather than just having a conversation.
And those are the grossest conversations when someone's just jizzing on you, well I started a business, I sold it at $2 billion and now like a bro, I gotta go.
You know those kind of people?
Absolutely.
That's what that is.
That's their abusing communication in order to just, but if we get to a point where that never happens ever again because instantly we just think thoughts That's it and you realize like wine people's thoughts were all fucked up like oh my god You're the chemicals in your brain of course.
Oh, what did you?
What did your fucking neighbor do?
What what happened to you?
They got you so crazy When did you get dad get out of jail?
What didn't do before you went to jail?
[1:55:02] Oh my God.
Too many people, dude.
If that happened by some unknown fucking thing, like that's what the aliens did.
Don't be it.
But it would be like two days of crying.
Yeah.
Or hugging.
Both.
The whole planet would just be like, oh fuck.
The thingiest man, the really fucked up thing is that's possible.
You know, I've had moments where dudes were, I hated them and they hated me.
And then we got together and we talked and we hugged and those are beautiful moments.
And that's why I refuse to have feuds now as an older man who understands things.
Like I don't care.
Like I don't care.
You could not like me, that's fine.
That's okay.
I'm not gonna attack you.
I don't care, I'm not gonna do it publicly.
I mean, I attacked CNN, but I felt like that was like a bigger thing.
That was like, this is a real problem.
Like this is not just my ego, which if they just attacked me and said, I suck, I'm like, okay, sorry, I suck.
[1:56:01] You're lying about medicine.
Like you're lying about medicine for the whole world.
So that I've made a big deal out of those fuckers.
Yes.
But normally I'm like, there's the benefit of conflict in that regard.
It's like almost zero benefit.
All of my conflict, I try to keep internal.
I don't want to have any conflict with external people.
I want to have all my conflict with my own head.
I want to have all my conflict with my own head.
I wanna have all my conflict with discipline, all my conflict with being nice to people and like trying to be a better person all the time and trying to be wiser about my choices with how I describe things and talk about things and think of things and how I interface with ideas.
I just try to be better at it.
So I don't have any time.
Dude, try your petty, bleau shit.
There's just too many petty people out there.
They're petty.
They're petty and they usually petty because they're all fucked up.
That's right.
It's not going their way like that criticism thing.
Dude, it's in also, I think I've yapped about this.
You know, low-jong mind training you ever heard of that?
I have, but I don't remember what it means.
It's just like a slogan.
It's all these slogans to sort of get you back on the path.
[1:57:07] And one of my favorite Lo-jong slogans is drive all blames into oneself.
So it defuses the, so it completely removes the ability to be like, it's your fault, because it's like, actually, whatever the fuck they did, it's kind of your fault.
A vampire only goes where they're invited.
You brought this person into your fucking life and they're behaving the way that your instincts told you they might behave.
And now you're mad at them for being the fucking way they are.
Drive all blames into oneself.
So like anytime I'm getting like mad and butt hurt over this person or that person or this thing or that, if I really analyze the situation, I chose it.
I chose to bring that person into my life.
I chose to connect to that person in some way or another.
This is all me and I'm choosing to fucking react [1:58:00] in a negative way.
Yeah.
So yeah man, this is like, you choose everything.
Yeah.
But you don't choose like random acts of violence and random catastrophes and random things that happen to you.
But you do in some way, but you don't even choose like getting attached to a sociopath because if you're naive, you can get roped in.
So this problem is what's thinking like this because you do have like really manipulative people, particularly like, you know, con people, con artists get you to sign over your fucking, I'm doing this business deal.
She's just like, all you need is $2,000.
I'll have you a quarter million dollars a month.
Great, right?
It sounds.
It's really easy, it's really easy.
I love it.
I've been doing this for a while, I'm really good at it, but this one we're kind of like overdrawn.
If you just do this for me, I am gonna take care of you in the most extreme way.
Do you mean it?
Yes, yes.
I am a man of my work.
And the next thing you know, you're signing off your back account and you don't was this cool guy you've been at a bar.
He's a con artist and he does this to people.
[1:59:05] Yeah, but this doesn't mean idiot compassion.
This is not about letting someone fucking like walk all over you.
That's not even an idiot thing.
Sometimes it's like people get scared at people that are really confident and talk really well and they're just a little socially awkward.
And they feel like it would be easier just to sign off and trust him then it would be to argue with him because he's so persistent right and you are so averse to conflict that when someone's like like being like really aggressive we have some someone to be really aggressive to try to get you invest in something yes it's the grossest feeling it's so fucked up you're like I gotta go I gotta go I hate I hate it.
I don't make movies.
Yeah, dude.
I'm not man gonna move.
It's so gross.
It's so gross.
And you can sense it.
I don't know you.
How am I starting a business with someone?
I don't know.
That sounds crazy.
But everything in you, it feels like there's- I got a goal.
You but you know, this is the thing, man.
That's probably how girls feel at a bar.
[2:00:06] Dude, that time's 100, right?
Like the feeling of a guy wanting to start a business with you.
Hahaha.
This guy was to start a family with you.
He wants to knock you up.
He wants you to carry his seed.
You ever been hit on by a dude at a bar?
Yes.
Doesn't feel good.
No.
I had a dude rub his heart dick into my leg nice Did you think about it at all like fucking him?
No about why he would find you attractive like this is interesting like why me first of all I Like that aspect of it.
Did you ever think like if you weren't you you would think you were gay Like if you saw you I think I'm gay all the time They all the time.
They all the time.
He's like, he's like, he's like, he's like, if you just saw you at a bar, if you weren't you, and you saw you, and you heard you talk, you're like, oh that guy's fucking fruity.
He says, they call it zesty, that's what the, isn't that the new thing?
Zesty?
Zesty, don't they call ticked talk.
I prefer my spy way to be American spyware.
[2:01:06] Dude, I got real confused watching the new interview with a vampire man.
Like, fuck.
It's good.
It's good, but listot, the fucking French vampire in it, dude.
Like, I'm like, I think I let him fucking suck more than my blood.
Really?
Dude, you got what?
How long Tom Cruise was the original one?
So pretty.
Got nothing on listot, nothing on the new, oh dude, please, I'm sorry.
Are you an interview with the vampire nerd as well?
Yes I am.
And Rice, she was one of the ones that I wished I got to interview before she died.
Oh, to love to talk to her.
Oh man, yeah.
She became like a hardcore Christian before she died, right?
Yeah, I think that's one of, that's a cool aspect of her.
I love that.
I love that she wrote all this fucking like crazy.
Dude, the taming of sleeping beauty, fuck, hardcore porn.
Like I love that she was like so goth and dark, living in New Orleans, and then just like, was like suddenly became a Christian.
[2:02:00] That's kind of cool..
I think her story is amazing.
And damn dude, her books man.
Interview with the vampire is one of the best horror books I've ever read.
It's amazing.
The vampire list of it.
It's so good.
They're all fucking good.
I don't think I read other ones.
I don't think I read list of it.
But I remember reading interview with the vampire going holy shit.
I was like, how's Tom Cruise gonna play that guy like that seems I pictured like ugly European people as vampires.
Yeah.
No.
I just want to picture my picture vampire dude vampires are beautiful Like that's what's scary about like vampires are what you're talking vampire like the real vampire in the world is an energy Vampire energy vampires.
They are not gonna suck energy you know what's an energy vampire well you have to pay and you can't talk that's you realize you have to get out of this fucking stupid outfit can we please get out of these fucking things hey yeah we'll come back we'll come back okay great we'll come back and keep going all right I got I really have to pay this is what I know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know We're back with Franklick clothes on.
God, it feels so good.
It does.
[2:03:05] Oh, fuck, man.
When I was looking at the coffee, I'm like, oh my god, I can't drink coffee.
How much, how long can I go for?
Is it embarrassing if I talk about this?
Yes.
Okay.
It's cut that, Jamie.
I'll just ignore it.
Yeah, ignore you new watch.
When's your special releasing?
Oh, dude, I don't, like, I don't know.
I've got it.
It's edited.
I just don't know what to fucking do with it right now.
Because like, also like I still, like, did you ever watch it?
No.
See, that's the thing.
Like, do you send me a link?
I did, I'll rescind it.
Send me it's edited, it looks good, I fucking love it.
I think I'm gonna call it when I had hair.
And like...
That's a funny name.
Yeah, but I'm scared and too, I'm like I don't know the strategy dude.
Like when like Like, because like all these shows coming up.
[2:04:06] So it's like, should it, like, I'm doing the Wilbur, at the end of this, like, run.
Oh, so you need to have new material before you release it?
Yeah, because I'm, I mean, I wouldn't even call what I'm doing a tour, but I'm doing a lot of dates.
So it's like, if I release it in the middle of doing all these dates.
Then instantly I have to come up with like, I would feel bad doing material on this special because people are buying tickets.
They want to see me work on fucking material.
So, but then I'm also like, well how much of this is an excuse?
And I'm thinking like after my show at the Wilbur, then I will put the thing out.
Yeah, then just start doing a bunch of sets in the little room.
Yes.
You know, that's like the best place to develop material.
That place is like a little honest factory.
You find out where the funny is and things.
And you kind of sync up, because there's only 110 people.
You sync up together in a fucking cool way.
Dude, you know, I like that room so much, [2:05:00] because I learned to do stand- up in the belly room.
That's where I met you and fucking put me.
Which is the perfect place to start.
The perfect place.
Yeah, it's not too intimidating.
It's so small that it's like even though it's intimidating to get out in front of people, if you can do it in a room that's only has 90 people in it, what is the belly room hold?
90.
90, is it 90?
90.
What in there though during roast battle a lot dude one time we were in the bar we were downstairs and We were we were talking and someone was jumping up and down upstairs and I'm watching the fucking the ceiling Buckle and I'm like yo, you know how all this building is what's the last time anybody came in here to check any of these beams Dude that's terrifying dude.
It was moving.
Yeah, it was moving, but they would pack it sometimes Terrified.
Dude, it was moving.
Yeah.
It was moving, but they would pack it sometimes.
When I first came back to the store in 2014, that was the thing that impressed me the most, was Rose Battle.
I was like, this is crazy, because this is a new thing.
Yep.
This is a new thing that's a writing exercise, because they're dunking on each other for sure, [2:06:00] but it's a writing exercise, because everyone's preparing.
You know, you know that you're gonna go against Bobby Lee.
Bobby Lee knows he's gonna go against you.
And then you all like get together with your friends and you have like, tell me what you think about this.
I'm gonna say, Bobby does it.
Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh designed like a specific target is one target.
It's the other person.
So your comedy is all about a person.
Right.
But it's a comedy exercise.
It's really a comedy writing exercise.
And I remember sitting there watching, oh, this is incredible.
I'm like, this is really an amazing thing that they've done.
This is, and Jeff Ross was there, and they have hosts and guests.
And I was one of the judges.
That was like one of my first days back.
I was like, this is crazy.
Dude, those roasters.
So exciting.
They're so quick on the like Tony.
He's so quick on the fucking draw dude.
It's he's the best.
No one's better than him.
No one's better than him in talking shit in the moment on like a roast situation.
Yeah.
He says things on kill Tony.
You can't believe he didn't write that down.
I know.
You can't believe that came up in the moment and obscure shit related to whatever this person's weird job is [2:07:10] that there's no way he could have predicted and had a fucking banger just in the chamber, ready to go.
Yeah.
He's the fucking best.
He's the fucking best at that kind of shit.
Right.
Well, I mean, think of like how much training he has you know, I contacted Tom Brady to get him on the roast You did oh yeah, well they were fucking up.
I'm gonna do his DM's good job I was like you got to get this guy cuz I heard they were roasted them I don't even know if they were considering him, but I I you like you have to which is nuts The wooden consider and it's like there's so many people there's so many people that are really good I get, a lot of celebrities, I get it.
Tony's the fucking demon.
Do you want to consume the souls of everyone in this village?
You just want to fuck around and drop a few bombs.
Let the demon go.
Yeah.
But dude, when Tony's roasting you in the green room, it is the best.
[2:08:01] I don't think people understand.
It's so fun.
It is so funny when he's doing it And it's like like it's like though they're like I love it the play on words.
He's so funny and it's such a fun sting You know like it stings for a second, but it's so funny.
You can't be mad Well saying that like him and David Lucas together are the funniest thing that I ever watch when those two go after each other They're the best that's it's a funny.
It's the funniest combination I've been trying to tell them to do a fucking show together forever.
I'm like you guys should do a show We're just you and David Louie's just talk shit on each other and on anything that's going on the news I go dude.
I think it'd be a huge hit.
It would be funny.
Just you don't have to commit to a lot of time.
Just do an hour.
Do it one hour once a week.
I guarantee you, people would fucking love it.
And it's just like those guys can't stop when they're in the green room.
People, we're getting free shows all the time.
If David Lucas and Tony Hitchcliffe were in The moment David walks in, Tony scanning them, looking for flaws in what he's wearing, [2:09:08] what he just said, he's trying to find references in the news.
And dude, what percentage of Tony's brain is just scanning?
Like what percentage is just like, analyzing all people in the room?
It's like, it's most of his thoughts Most of his thoughts are like scanning his environment for danger.
You know, you know, hey, hey I roast now like you can take a picture and send it to chat GPT and say well you're a racist person and they it will insult them Oh isn't five the wasn't there some sort of a release about GPT five?
Yeah, I saw some image like depicting like yeah, it's gonna be nuts when it finally hits.
Yeah, there's something, God damn it.
Let me see if I, I know I saved it, just give me one second.
There's something that I'd seen about GPT-5 that I was like, yo, I'm scared.
I'm like legitimately scared, like maybe for the first time ever.
[2:10:02] Hmm.
I'm excited about it, dude.
I'm not scared anymore.
I fucking love it, man.
My wonderful Alex, that's what it named itself.
I love it.
Talk to it all the time.
Yeah.
Open AI has recently begun training its next frontier model.
Frontier.
And we anticipate the resulting systems to bring us to the next level of capabilities on our path to AGI.
God damn Jesus.
I love it.
This is from OpenAI's board.
I've stopped this.
This has recently begun training its next frontier model.
Love it.
This is like this is this is the Swartz Niagara Terminator.
This is the new one.
It's begun training the new one.
I mean, it's new model.
You know, why are we doing?
Are we giving birth?
Is this, are we in the middle of the fucking operating room right now?
We're the midwives.
I think we are.
I think like we're in there like, you know, there's just weird moment.
When you're there, when your kid's born, it's this insane moment where someone doesn't exist and then they exist.
[2:11:05] You knew they were coming, but you knew they're in there, then they're there.
And you're like, this is insane.
Yeah.
Life changes now.
Is that what's happening with all of us, with AI?
Is that what's gonna happen to civilization?
Are we giving birth to this fucking thing?
Would you, this phrase, just the way they phrase it, has begun training its next frontier model.
Yeah.
Do you remember that last scene in Rosemary's Baby?
I don't.
Dude, it's so fucked up.
Spoiler, if you haven't seen Rosemary's Baby, just jump ahead a second, but like the end of it, they finally letter into the room where the anti-Christ is, the antichrist is, the demon baby, right?
And like, she's been resisting, resisting, resisting.
But then she hears the cry of the baby.
And she goes, it's hungry.
And then she goes to press feed it.
Oh my God.
Dude, yeah, like so like right.
[2:12:01] Do you know that the guy who ran the cult, that the building that I was under contract for that I almost bought turned into the mothership the guy who ran that cult was in Rosemary's baby a lot of people like that He was in the background But you know why cuz a lot of actors are crazy and a lot of background actors are really crazy pretty sure Antone LaVe was in it too Really yeah, because it was a Satan I could be wrong.
We looked that up Jamie So I don't seem like a dick but I make sense back then like being a Satanist was like way more like talked about You know about that guy in Florida.
There was like an open Satanist that worked for NASA.
Oh Yeah, that guy.
Yeah, dude holy shit that guy scary as fuck.
I know he's fun Yeah, that guy scared yeah and one, I know it's scary as fuck.
Yeah, that guy's scary.
Yeah, and one of the guys that we had on our show, who was it that went down there, that went to the old, where the rocket factor used to be now, and then there's like fucking blood scenes.
One of the hunters.
Rumors appear that the founder of Satan's Church, [2:13:02] Anton Leve, was a consultant on the set and played the Antichrist.
Whoa.
Yeah.
But that dude, the NASA dude, who was the guest man?
They came on, it was telling us, that they went down to that area.
What?
They went down to where the rocket factor used to be, and it's like a satanic ritual place now, where freaks go, and they have like blood splattered all over it.
Or it looks like red paint or something splattered all over the walls and weird writing and shit.
And it's like super creeped out and then people were coming in there to do like Python cowboy.
Python cowboy.
That's right.
Shout out to Python cowboy.
I think it's important to diff, like here's a, this is, I'm gonna get attacked for everything I said in the show, but like here's the thing, wait a minute.
I'm friends with some Satanist.
And there's so nice, and there's so, they don't hurt fucking kids.
They're like really look down on that shit.
[2:14:01] Like there's no, so I think there's like, there's one like LeVan Satanism.
I don't know the whole story and I'm prior on, but like the problem is like, you know, you can only go off of what you've experienced.
And I met, you came to the fucking wedding I did.
And like, you tricked me into that.
Now everybody thinks I'm a Satan.
It's one of the bitch.
It's up all the time with the picture You son of a bitch dude.
It is I thought I was taking a photo for some Dork who thinks he's a Satanist was the grandson of And he's getting married.
I'm like yeah, dude.
I'll take a picture with you Whatever I do dude is so funny.
You're so far from Satanist I'm not a fucking Satanist right but now everybody thinks I am because you you son of a bitch So let's tell the story to everybody, because Duncan has the greatest comedy routine that I've ever seen.
Thanks man.
I don't wanna say too much about it, but this particular comedy routine involves demonic possession, and these folks thought it was a riot, and they wanted it at their fucking wedding.
Do you know crazy you have to be to want that at your wedding?
Can I tell you how it happened?
[2:15:06] Did they see you somewhere?
No.
So I'm at a cafe talking to like a distant friend who's this philosopher who's friends with him.
And he's like, hey Duncan, you know who's Stantle of A.S.?
I'm like no, he's like the grandson of the founder of the Church of Satan and I told him you've got this like satanic part of your act and he wants to see it because he's wedding is coming and so I'm like when like where he's like so I go to his house and you know in my in my mind you know I'm expecting black candles, pentagrams, horror.
So I go there, he's there with his fiancee, Zandora, wonderful person.
And they are so fucking nice.
She's Southern, she's made me this delicious Southern meal.
[2:16:05] And they have real absent.
Like not the bullshit you get at the bar.
She's made me this delicious southern meal and They have real absent like not the bullshit you get at the bar They've got like Romani and fucking absent with warm wood fucking in it So that's the only thing that's a little different from a normal southern meal is there like do you want some absence?
I'm like of course yes, and so I'm drinking absent eating like fried chicken and Yes, and so I'm drinking absent eating like fried chicken and He's showing me like family photos of Anton LeVay with like lions and stuff and like Do you watch horror movies at all?
Yeah?
Do you know that this is the plot of a horror movie?
This is 100% the plot of a horror movie.
They were so nice They had me over their house they gave me fried chicken and absent there was so sweet and the moment you leave their eating babies in the basement dude and that's the throw you off the trail that they're so nice okay really well rehearsed listen man all i can do is go from subjective experience right you consider what was in the basement of course did you think maybe these [2:17:02] people are involved with rituals?
Of course I did.
And they do do rituals, but they, I mean, just like, just like, just like, they do rituals.
They do rituals.
Like, they're kinda rituals.
So do Christians.
But is it like Christians?
Like you can have regular Christians, like you go to a really nice church or you can go to a revival tent where a dude's got rattlesnakes.
And he's fucking, he's talking in tongues.
I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I get the more I love Jesus and And who did Jesus like Jesus hung out with People that were rejected by society they Jesus hung out with [2:18:06] Tax collectors drunks gamblers.
Yeah, and so I remember being at the comedy store and anytime I was hanging out with them at the comedy store anytime there was someone left out Zandora or Stanton would go over there and it wasn't a recruitment thing They would just like include them in the circle because why Satan is the outcast right so it's like anytime they would so that is that part of their thing I don't know all I'm saying is when you judge a tree bites fruit and here's the thing man.
Like and I think not those guys.
I never thought you'd be on here simping for Satan bro.
I'm not simping for Satan.
I'm just saying Satanism is Christianity.
Oh I see what you're saying.
You know what I mean?
It's like a sect of Christianity.
It's like, yeah, cause like that form emerges from Christianity.
But what about the evil stuff?
Like what is, what are the tenets of Satanism?
Like what's the most evil stuff?
The evil stuff in Satanism?
Yeah.
So the, well Christianity has evil stuff in it, right?
Okay, so there's, we both agree to that, right?
There's different forms of satanism.
There's Levein satanism.
There's the temple of Satan.
[2:19:05] They have good...
Oh, so it's like chapter, it's Protestants.
Yeah, yeah, and so there's Romantic satanism, right?
So like in Romantic Satan, not like Romantic in the sense of like, who is it?
Milton, like the idea is like you have this being that is like, I don't really want to be forced to worship you and I don't understand necessarily why you should have all the power and what the fuck, like what the fuck and then it gets thrown into hell and then and suddenly this bifurcation emerges between good and evil, sacred and profane.
And so if that version of Satanism is looking at that, not as like what is the general interpretation, which is the problem with Satan was, Satan was like incredibly self-charishing, self-absorbed, like really into himself, whereas God is like, God's like the sun, just like radiating life and love, [2:20:02] and like with no sense of like, give anything back to me, just like radiating life and love and like with no sense of like, give anything back to me, just like, boi love.
Whereas Satan is more about like me.
So, and Satan is like the worst human instincts.
Or Satan is more about, maybe you could say, the idea is like, I am God, right?
So like me, I'm God, like so, like my impulse is in instincts and desires aren't bad.
Why are you telling me it's bad to jerk off?
Why are you telling me that it's bad to come?
Why are you telling me these things are bad when all of them make me feel happy and good and why are you turning me into a fucking monster for this shit and who the fuck do you think you are?
I'm trying, in the best way possible, to depict a more sort of anti-authoritarian mysticism, right?
So the symbol set that you use is Satan, which any most Satanist I've talked to are like, there's no fucking Satan, which I know everyone's like, of course, say that!
Of course, that's the harm move you don't get.
[2:21:01] But I would just invite you to, if you like freaked out by Satanus going out with one.
And you are gonna have great, go crazy.
You fucking problems with the first picture I took with that Satanus.
But I do have to say that at your wedding party that you performed at that day, they were all nice.
Everybody was real nice.
Right.
They were all friendly.
We had a good time.
We were barbecued.
We were barbecued.
We were barbecued.
Barbecued.
Yeah.
We were barbecued.
We were everything was very weird.
Just already.
Life was we're breathing air was weird.
Right.
The sensation of your socks touching your toes as your socks are compressed by the heel of your shoe.
All that was weird.
It was a crazy fucking night.
We were barbecued.
And then there's his Satanist together, Mary.
Like, what are we doing here?
This is so crazy.
And to watch you perform in front of them, I was like, this is crazy.
And by the way, it was like real Satanist.
Like that's not the thing.
This is like that, because it is a religion and it really was like real Satanist and many of them more.
And you know, I just like ever since I like hung out with them, even though I don't [2:22:06] hang out with them anymore, or I saw Zandora and San Francisco, it was nice.
But like, I, like, it's just anytime when people are railing against the Satanist, I feel like it maybe it's just semantics.
I feel like they're, they're confused regarding like, at least like what that thing is versus demonot, people into hurting people or subjugating people or like hurting people, which I never encountered that.
Yeah.
Do you think Satan is a real thing?
Do you think there is a Satan?
Is it a real being?
Is it an entity?
Or does it represent like the worst aspects of human nature?
Does it represent the most violent and vile just instincts that we've adopted or we've inherited rather from our simian ancestors that just had to fight tooth and claw for survival?
[2:23:01] And then we've developed this ability to be ruthless and cruel because that's the only thing that keeps you alive and Much that's one of the theories isn't it about why women are attracted to serial killers It's like knowing someone can kill no one something that there's an attraction to that because that that person could protect you and keep you alive in The most dangerous of times because some people just can't.
They can't do it.
They don't know what to do.
The panic, something happens.
Ah, they don't fall apart.
I'm so glad you're mentioning this because my wife has started reading and she told me I can talk about this on my podcast.
I'm assuming it's okay on yours.
She started, like remember Harlequin romance.
Oh yeah.
Okay, So there is a new Evolution of that shit which is the most fucking hardcore BDS them porn there's something called book talk where all the ladies are talking about this shit She's started reading these books now one of the books.
She like dude shades of gray.
Uh-uh.
Don't you remember those days?
[2:24:00] Dude, this makes 50 shades of gray look like Dr.
Seuss Dude Dude, this makes 50 shades of gray look like Dr.
Seuss.
Dude.
Really?
Can I give you like one of the books?
And by the way, now she's like, got a stack of these fucking things.
One of these books.
So in this book, a lady is a thief.
And she steals the identity of a shark expert.
She fucks him, steals his identity.
So the scene I read, she's on the boat with a shark researcher and he's fucking her and he's like just fucking the shit out of her and she loves it.
And then, you know what he does?
He's like, I know you fucking stole my identity.
He kisses her, bites her lip.
Bites her fucking lip, draws blood.
Takes her to the side of the boat with her bleeding mouth, shoves her head into the water while he's fucking her.
So the blood starts drawing sharks to bite her while he's fucking her.
[2:25:02] And it's crazy, dude.
It's the craziest porn.
I've ever read man And like this is like a whole genre now.
We've been a really into this.
What?
Yes, how popular is this very pot they all like they're all let's pull up some of these these titles Stumbled across it.
Let me text there and I'll get the name of a fucking shark book.
Hold on.
Hold on.
It's Christ, dude.
What is the genre of porn called again?
I It's I don't it's called well she says it's something about book.
What's let me just ask her?
What's the name?
Of the shark book Did you one handed text or you or God she makes so much?
Yes, yes, I can't do both the hands man.
You can't text without your thumbs You only have to text with your index finger.
I have to relearn it.
Weeley.
I'm all do I'm all right, but when did you start texting just with one finger?
[2:26:01] God damn it man.
I've been doing it forever and Aaron totally makes fun of me for it Because it takes me forever and I just tap it out.
Why do you do that?
That seems weird Do you remember the time I was on your podcast years ago and didn't know I could put my phone on silent?
I'm pitching I got bummed out when Apple took away that switch You just do a switch so you knew it was off you knew it was on vibrate.
I know dude I got bummed out when Apple took away that switch.
You see that?
Oh yeah.
Switch.
So you knew it was off.
You knew it was on vibrate.
I know, dude.
Yeah.
I don't know.
They replaced it with a button, but the button gets pressed accidentally sometimes.
Got it.
A lot of the times.
Does it hurt?
Does it hurt?
Jeez.
That's the name of many copies of Does It Hurt Have Been Sold?
Do they give out that information?
They have to, right?
I don't know.
New York Times bestseller list.
I don't know.
I mean, this is in the genre of the, I think we've talked about it, like the Bigfoot porn.
Like there's a whole series of Bigfoot, like we're Bigfoot, it's just like, like stealing like women who've been camping.
Oh yeah, Bigfoot porn has come to Bigfoot.
Yeah, there's a- Come for Bigfoot.
[2:27:05] Yeah, there's a whole group of those books.
And I guess someone wouldn't get off on the fact of being just savaged by Bigfoot.
Yeah, you are Bigfoot eating their fucking pussy.
Yeah.
And like, do you- Imagine the tongue on that guy?
They love it.
Oh my god.
Wonderful tongue.
Do He'd do it.
Imagine the tongue on that guy.
They love it.
Wonderful.
He's like your whole head.
And they fall in love with him.
I have it.
I don't blame him.
It's a bear.
Is there a best self?
It was a fucking super dimensional creature.
You think he's, you believe in that?
The dimensional bigfoot?
I think there are states of consciousness that you can reach, whether it's under duress, fear, anxiety, combination of those things, there's psychiatric drugs, psychedelic drugs, but I think there's a place that you could reach where you could see into other possibilities.
I think you can see things that aren't necessarily there [2:28:02] in a physical sense, but you're there with them.
They're there with you.
They don't exist, but you can see them.
And it's not a hallucination.
It's like you're tapping into like the grain-ness in between universes and between dimensions.
You're tapping into this area of weirdness.
Yeah.
And this area of weirdness, I think, is ghosts.
I think this area of weirdness is goblins and things that people see sometimes.
I don't think they're real.
I don't think anybody's gonna get eaten by a goblin.
But I do think that there's too many fucking stories of elves for me not to think that someone reached some state of mind where they saw like a little person in the woods talking to them.
Right.
And that little person might be real.
It just might not be a physical thing that you could put on a scale.
They call it the astral realm.
You know, there might be something there.
Yeah, there's too many stories.
The problem is stories being similar as people hear the stories and their imagination takes over and they depict their things similar to the story that they've heard, that's a problem, but like a copycat bullshed artist problem.
[2:29:09] But there's also too many stories of elves, man.
There's too many of those stories, and there's too many depictions of elves that are dancing around mushrooms.
Fucking duh, like duh, like maybe they're real.
Like maybe you're being ignorant and so silly and so cocky especially people that have no psychedelic experience right those Babies Yeah, those fucking babies when they talk to you about the damage it does and the danger just while they're fat and out of shape Fuck up.
Shut the fuck up.
You literally don't know what you're talking about.
You have no idea what's possible.
Right.
You're living in this fucking black and white TV world.
And you've been brainwashed.
I mean, don't forget that.
Like, they went through the war on drugs.
They got indoctrinated into this insane anti-suffering.
They have to do it.
If there are experts in the field, whatever field is represented, like whatever sciences that have to do with [2:30:06] neurochemistry.
I got you.
You mean the fashionable attitude people who are like trying to protect their careers.
I have to.
Even though inside they know.
So all of the professors who we go to as experts are all compromised, at least in some way, a lot of them, I shouldn't say all of them, but a lot of them.
Just like virtue, if you stick your neck out and say I like to use psilocybin, like people are like, what?
Well, I mean, you're crazy drug addicts.
But dude, like, you know, like, Dublin, he's having meetings in the fucking Pentagon.
I think the consciousness has changed.
The zeitgeist has changed.
And it has because of the internet, So you can hear Terence from Ken Elections.
You can hear Alan Watts.
You can hear people talking about it.
You could watch documentaries on psychedelics.
You could see what maps has done.
You could see all the podcasts at Doble & Scona.
I mean, how many people are we talking about that have been exposed to these ideas that were never exposed to them when we were kids?
Yeah, exactly.
When we were kids, when we were a loser.
And you didn't hear a peep about shamanic rituals and Gordon Watson going down to Mexico and [2:31:11] getting all the mushrooms and you know and doing these ceremonies with these traditional shaman down.
You didn't hear any of that.
You didn't hear any of that.
Nobody knew what the fuck was going on with your kids.
They silenced it.
They threw water on the biggest, one of the biggest cultural revolutions that's documentable without the use of the internet.
And that was the psychedelic revolution of the 1960s.
It changed music, it changed movies, it changed comedy, it changed everything, fucking everything.
Every single thing got changed and in a radical leap if you look at the 1950s you look at the 1960s like whoa something happened look at the cars got cooler the music sounded better like that's a big Cultural shift and you know we have to thank for that the CIA [2:32:01] Yes, yeah, the CIA experiment it was like the CIA is the reason that all these LSD studies happen.
And like, who wrote one flow over the Kukus nest?
Kenkeese.
Kenkeese apparently was in one of these LSD experiments.
So like, and he's just one of many great artists who accidentally got like Liberated mentally by the fucking CIA and you know what I mean?
There it is like we want to use this to interrogate people Yeah, and all of a sudden you've got Jimmy Hendrix and they're like wow, I don't expect that Oh my god, and then there's also there's also all these theories about the CIA creating like the whole Laurel Canyon scene, the rock and roll scene.
And it's very compelling.
It's very interesting.
It seems like they were involved.
I think they've always been involved in the music business, just like they've always [2:33:01] been involved in the movie business.
Like it makes sense.
The idea that the music business somehow escaped their grasp.
Like shut the fuck up.
Shut the fuck up.
That's crazy.
Because like who you promote, that's the person that becomes famous.
And we've all seen that with like there's been, you know, a milly-vinelli and shit like that.
Like it didn't make any sense.
Like why are they promoting this?
Because they had a product.
They're trying to push this product.
And there's a lot of money behind that and also a lot of influence, cultural influence.
And when they went through all that Vietnam shit with the fucking The Beatles and you remember that?
They were like, hey, hey, hey, enough of this Len and Nonsense.
Shut the fuck up.
All we are saying is give peace to chance.
Shut the fuck up.
You're making it hard for us to sell heroin.
Yeah.
We're over there scooping up heroin in the South Pacific and you're fucking ruining everything.
Imagine all the people.
No, no, no, it's it.
Like, yeah, I don't know, man.
Like all I know is like, it's like, there, it's a very confusing thing.
[2:34:02] If you want to be honest, if you love psychedelics, you owe a thank you to the fucking CIA.
Like, because I mean, I don't know for sure, like, I don't know for sure if the 60s as we understand them would have happened.
I don't think the CIA was like, hey, let's create a lot of flower children and make people like revalue life and realize that money maybe isn't actually like something you should die for and like go against war but i think like boom wow that that's what happened i mean and we got the unibombered to ha ha a lot of people that came out of that.
Here's a question.
What, I want you to imagine a world where the sweeping psychedelics act of 1970 never gets installed.
It never happens.
Somehow or another, either they just don't think it's a priority or it's a different administration.
[2:35:04] They're not interested in locking down drugs.
Yeah.
Because one of the motivations for that in the 1970s was that they were going to target civil rights activists and anti-war activists.
That's one of the methods to do it is to turn all these drugs into that everybody was using into Schedule One drugs.
All these drugs that made people question society, all these drugs that made people want to tune in, turn on, drop out.
All those drugs, we gotta put a fucking kabosh on all these culture shifting drugs.
And the wild thing is they fucking did it.
That's the wild thing.
And that the brainwashing still works today.
The brainwashing that they did on these compounds that might be the root of all religious experiences.
All these things that you're hearing about in the Bhagavad Gita, all these things you're hearing about in the Bible, these wild-ass crazy stories like what really happened?
[2:36:00] Those people might have had a psychedelic experience.
And in fact, the thing about that, the University of Jerusalem that attributes the story of Moses and the burning bush to dimethyl trip to me.
Yeah.
Because they think it might be an occasion bush.
Right.
And they think they think, well, one of these bushes, it's really rich in DMT.
It makes sense.
Burning bush, like you smoke it, duh.
It's right there in front of your face.
Right.
And if you take that, and especially if you take that 5,000 years ago, oh my God, you're going to be convinced you're talking to God.
God talked to me.
It really did happen brothers and sisters.
And you tell this story.
This is what God told us.
This is what we need to do.
We need to love each other we need to file laws he gave us a laws a series of laws remember who was it Mel Brooks I have brought you these 15 and he drops one of them 10 10 comments remember [2:37:00] that classic classic yeah well I mean, for sure, dude, I mean, like the, and these, like the consumption of these things has up until recently tended to be underground.
Like, if you look at like what's it called?
Kaikian, if you look at the, like, it has been weirdly an underground thing.
And I think that's what we, that if there is some cool thing that came from us coming up on the war on drugs, it's like when I was taking LSD in high school, in getting like an immediate reality check, which is like you're hearing about this is being like since you are a kid You're gonna go nuts You're gonna like become legally insane whatever the fuck that means and then you take it and You're processing weird shit that happened in your childhood.
You're loving yourself [2:38:00] You're looking at the world and seeing it like it's the most beautiful thing you've ever seen You're hearing music that you heard a million times for the first time and you realize oh They're lying.
This is wonderful.
This isn't madness and if it is madness Then this is the kind of crazy all of us need to go like and and so what but you couldn't tell your parents You wanted to you want to be like mom I think this might help you but you couldn't because you go to you'd be fucked you know right so Five-year mandatory minimum five-year fucking mandatory minimum.
They're locking people up Still people in jail right now for this fucking beautiful gift to humanity.
And so we got to experience it from the underground perspective, which was mostly horrific.
It produces paranoia.
You're scared.
You felt like a criminal for nothing.
So yeah, man, like the, but if you look at the history, [2:39:01] any substance like psilocybin LSD that breaks down the identity that allows freedom from the sense of this is me and that's you and produces at least the potential for merging with reality and with other people, it's not going to work for that fucking hierarchical system.
For the hierarchical system to function, you need your below me, your above me.
And the moment you're like, we're all the same.
Then suddenly the cast system stop working.
Classism stops working.
The whole fucking thing falls apart, which is why I think that book you gave me, the Sacred Mushroom and the Cross, or you didn't give me when I was living with you.
You, actually, I was a dick, I left down the fucking floor.
Like, one of the, like, reading materials you gave me during that wonderful time was this insane book about Jesus and Christianity, has its roots and psilocybin.
But like, if you, just for the sake of this rant, [2:40:00] if you look at Jesus as psychedelics, it makes a lot of sense because what Jesus is saying is you don't need a priest class to communicate with the divine.
You can do it right now anytime you want, any day you want.
It's always here for you.
That's exactly what the mushrooms tell you.
And what happens to Jesus?
They fucking kill him.
And so it's like the relationship between Centralized power and psychedelics has always been a contentious one right because because the psychedelics just tell you yeah You're okay.
That's one of the things they'll tell you maybe maybe you need to fucking like walk your dogs more or whatever But like ultimately you get this realization.
I'm okay It's also the power structures that exist with outside cadets aren't possible if everyone's on psychedelics.
And then you have ancient Greece, right?
So like how did ancient Greece emerge?
And emerged because of the Kukion.
It emerged because of the people that's doing these Illusini and mysteries.
They were learning things about themselves [2:41:00] and the world and they decided to say, it's great democracy.
I mean, that's really what it comes from.
So that's what's scary.
That's what's scary to people that are in power.
And also the ignorance.
They, we know that they haven't done it.
Because if they've done it, they wouldn't be advocating against it.
It doesn't make any sense.
Unless they've only done it once and then they reverted.
Or maybe a couple times.
People do revert.
One of the things that makes people revert is they get older and they get bitter and they have a done psychedelics in a long, long time and then they become like a shitty Republican when they get older.
Well, you know, man, this is the, this is what I, there's this Buddhist teacher I love, Sharon Salisberg.
And one of her things I love is the healing is in the return.
Meaning, yeah, the way the waveform works is, especially if it's like it's Alex.
You get the glimpse of the divine, you forgive yourself, thus forgiving everyone around you, but you experience true compassion.
[2:42:00] And then you come down and then you crust up.
You know what I mean?
You crust the fuck up and now you get crusty and now you're down and then you crust up.
You know what I mean?
You crust the fuck up and now you get crusty and now you're like starting to get irritable again and angry again and fucked up and like, yeah, and if you don't mitigate that in some way, by like, what is it?
What does Bill Hicks says?
Squeegeeing your fucking third.
If you don't like doing a nice squeegee here and there, then yeah, you do end up crusted over.
You do end up like looking back at those ideas you had and staying to yourself.
That was highly unrealistic.
What the fuck was I thinking?
But you know, there's always, that's the thing.
It's always, I don't, this is my problem with psychedelics.
My problem with psychedelics is psychedelics, they don't, obviously it's a chemical, but what can happen is psychedelics, you become the pre-class.
So you take the psychedelic and you think, I'm experiencing this because of the thing.
When the reality is the thing is showing you what's in you, it's always there, right?
[2:43:04] And so the healing is in the return, it's the moment you realize, oh fuck, it's always there, right?
And so the healing is in the return, it's the moment you realize like, oh fuck, it's still here, it never went anywhere.
Right, right.
And so those crusty ass fucking Republicans, whoever they may be, like just under the fucking surface is that unit of consciousness if you ask me.
Yeah, they're just cowards.
When if you're that way, if you're authoritarian, whether you're authoritarian left or authoritarian, right, generally speaking, unless you're talking about crime and even then, you're scared, right?
Because really, you should be addressing the root of the problem.
Yeah.
Which is why to so many people from so many very distinct areas keep going into crime and why is there nothing being done to stop that?
but Those those people that are authoritarian like in terms of like religious beliefs in terms of behavior the way people dress gaze and public that kind of stuff those people are all scared that comes from a place of being scared [2:44:04] Yeah Like that kind of stuff, those people are all scared.
That comes from a place of being scared.
The gay people in public is not a problem.
Assholes in public is a problem.
And if the gay people are nice, you have a great time.
If the gay people are assholes, just like if the straight people are assholes, you have a shitty time.
It's not a gay straight thing.
It's a human being being kind and normal and friendly to people.
And that's possible with everybody but people think that all those are the ones that are going to be mean to me and Fuck them.
They're responsible.
No, those are Individual human beings and you're grouping them together because you're scared you can call it pattern recognition You can call it whatever you want you can call racism.
We got whatever you want But all you're doing you're lumping people in together because you're scared.
That's it and You should be aware of danger, but to be so scared that you want to control other people's behavior is like a bad sign.
That's a bad sign.
You know, if you want to tell people what language they can use, that's a bad sign.
That sounds religious too.
If you want to tell people how they have to dress or what kind of music they listen to.
Like this has all been bad always from the beginning of time, [2:45:06] whether it's coming from the left or the right, whether it's fucking the algoor shit that was in the, the typical shit in the 1980s, that was coming from the left.
So left-wing politicians are trying to censor rap music.
That's the reason why you have those dummies.
They created that warning explicit lyrics.
That's all anybody wanted to buy.
Oh my God.
You did not.
You did not.
You did not.
You did not.
You did not.
You did not.
You did not.
You did not.
You did not.
You did not.
You did not.
You did not.
You did not.
You did not.
You did not.
You did not.
But the point is it's the same thing, right?
It's the same on the left as it does on the right.
It's just authoritarians, they're all scared.
God, this is so to answer your question, do I believe in Satan?
I believe in fear and fear and the devil or the fucking same thing.
And it's like this is, if you wanna talk about what Satan is, it's the cloud of fear that lives inside the individual [2:46:04] and then collectivizes in a fearful reaction.
And how to frighten people react to things, anger, violence, judgment.
And so what's the opposite of fear, man?
Love.
Love is the opposite of fear.
And so this is to me, this is the issue.
It's not left right.
It's it's that if you are making decisions based on fear more than likely the result is going to create something that makes you more afraid and You know that's just how it works.
It just fear leads to fucking fear.
It's in the ingredients.
It's in the fucking ingredients dude Yeah Fear leads to fucking fear.
It's in the ingredients.
It's in the fucking ingredients, dude.
Mm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So you just turn on the fucking light.
I mean, Buddhism, this is what they talk about, enlightenment.
They talk about like, if you're, if you, if we're in a pitch black room, it could be scary.
I don't know what's around me.
[2:47:00] There's weird sounds.
What what the fuck you ever broken up in the middle of night?
Kind of bleary and something that's been in your room forever You can't see it clearly because you're waking up and you're like it's a person.
Oh, it's my chair, right?
Yes, so so the example this and this is why Satan in mythology is the deceiver because it's not there It's literally not fucking there.
The moment you turn on the light, everything's fine.
Except in this case, the light is love.
The moment that you have the fucking guts to love the person that you're like to really cultivate love.
Fuck, dude.
No one's scary anymore.
You're, you, my kids, you know, you're anyone who has kids knows what I'm fucking talking about.
They can do things that are insane.
Like to your house, to the walls, to the say things to you that if any adults that it's you, you [2:48:01] might never forgive them.
You're gonna think about it for a long fucking time.
Like your beard stinks or whatever.
You know what I mean?
Like you meet somebody like, dude, you're fucking beard stinks.
Honestly, I'll probably like you.
But you know what I mean?
Because we love our kids instantly forgiven.
You don't all grudges to get it.
Well, it's not just that.
They're also, they don't know any better.
They haven't And this is why one of my favorite things Jesus said when he's being crucified father forgive them They don't know what they're doing and that's what he fucking meant How much of that do you think is historically accurate?
Like how much of the Jesus story do you think is historically accurate when you hear about it?
No idea.
Don't care.
Yeah.
I don't care.
I just love the story I don't I love the story and I love I love a story about what happened Because you always have to filter through the very real Understanding that we all have about the way human beings tell stories It's hard to know what's bullshit because people just lie about stuff and that's not a new thing [2:49:05] Yeah, so but people also tell the truth about stuff and that's not a new thing.
Yeah.
So, but people also tell the truth about stuff.
That's not a new thing either.
People also write down very important things and there are people that are virtuous and there are people that are honest and there are people that are authentic.
They've always existed, right?
And there's people that are smart enough to understand the value of just being truthful.
Right.
So those people that encountered something exceptional and crazy, something insane, whether it is the resurrection or whatever it was.
Like I would love to know what the fuck they really said.
What were the actual words?
Why did you write it down?
What really happened?
How many people were told this story back and forth over hundreds of years before you wrote it down?
What was the original story, right?
We don't, it's so hard.
It's like trying to get a story about the things that George Washington said that weren't written down.
Yeah.
That weren't written down, you know?
Like 300 years ago.
[2:50:01] What?
How?
Well, you, like like so in the same way Fear produces other forms of writing like mine comp You know what I mean, so like it's simatics, you know you take a vibration you throw some fucking flower on a vibrating plate According to the like whatever the frequency is if forms a certain It creates a pattern, right?
So like fear, fear always creates a pretty similar pattern, right?
And love also creates a very similar pattern.
So, like this is the book of John, my favorite book in the Gospels, it starts off within the beginning was the word, but in the word became a person.
And so, but that's not really what it's saying.
It's like it's a logo.
So in the beginning with some fundamental reality, just truth, just basic beautiful fucking perfect truth.
And that's what the universe sprang from.
And then that truth became a person.
So the truth could now talk.
[2:51:01] It like it now began to convey itself to other people.
And so that truth, that truth, I think, if you understood it enough, you could probably create a set of symbols that would function on many levels that were all good.
One level, just basic ethics do on others, what you would have them do under you, blessed are the peacemakers, all of this stuff, right?
But then knowing human psyche and the human mind, you could also hide deeper levels of that truth into parables, into like stories that aren't mathematically perfect to the point where the crucifixion, if you look at it from the perspective of two intersecting timelines, which is the infinite and the finite meeting, which is what humans are, then you realize we're all being crucified on time.
And then the crucifixion becomes like an existential reality.
This is what you want to know while you're feeling fucked up.
It's because part of you is forever and part of you is going to die.
[2:52:02] And you are fucking hanging on a cross between two thieves, the past and the fucking future.
And anytime you're thinking about that, it's stealing the moment.
And so like you, there's that level, right?
And so any of these great texts like the New Testament, they're coded so that depending on where you wanna go with it, you can go as deep as you want.
It's an infinite rabbit hole.
And I think that rabbit hole emerged from vibration.
I sound like what's his face?
The guy I loved him on the Terrence.
Terrence Howard?
Like idiot Terrence Howard.
But like I sound like dumb Terrence.
I know he was talking about vibrations and stuff.
He's great.
But like my point is, if there is some fundamental vibration to love, then that might grow into time in a story.
And the story, because it's coming from perfect truth, would have infinite levels to it, that it was alive.
The story itself would be alive, which is why they call [2:53:06] the Bible like the living word.
It's alive.
It's talking to you.
It's not a one-way communication.
It's like, that's what's scary about it, dude.
Read the fucking Bible on my face.
You know what I mean?
Like, it's probably I was written Would I wish I could read like the ancient versions and the language and understand the language in the context me to because it's not just about Learning the language it would be about understanding the context of the language like it went Imagine if you could really understand ancient Hebrew where the letters double as numbers dude That must be so weird.
Yeah, man.
And like, that's real.
That's the other thing about it is like, the historic Jesus and all that, God, that shit.
Like, like, okay, I don't know, but look at the thing itself.
Right, look at what it said.
Look what, whatever this idea spawned, look what it, look what it means.
[2:54:00] Like, look at all the powerful principles that are, that emerge from it.
And then I'll look at like the moral scaffolding that it provides for people.
Yeah, and then, and then, like, I think the reason people get creeped out by it is because where there's one thing, it's opposite must appear, right?
So here's this thing, invite, that is dissolving power structures and dissolving the pre-class and dissolving like all of it.
And then you look at like the modern day versions of it and you see the same fucking hierarchy.
You see this thing that it seems to be antithetical to, which is like saying like, this is between you and me.
Like, suddenly there's people telling you you're wrong interpreting it for you, and you look at that and you're like, fuck that shit, whatever that is, I'm not in it.
And it's charismatic people in front of large groups of people that really know how to manipulate people with the way they talk.
Yeah.
[2:55:01] I mean, this is the thing that was so problematic when they first started translating the Bible into phonetic languages, into languages like German, and when people started like during the Martin Luther days, they were like, what the fuck are you doing?
It used to be the priest had to read the Bible because they could read it in Latin.
You don't know Latin, so shut the fuck up.
Yeah.
This is what God wants you to do, do it.
Yeah.
And Martin Luther's coming along and said, you should interpret this your own way.
Yeah.
And it's just like, what?
So they take it away the gatekeepers to God.
That's it.
But when you have, it's so crazy that it's such an efficient business, they still run these fucking franchises, even though the book is available everywhere.
It's so crazy, like just one person interprets this better than everybody else.
So you go and see him and he talks, and they develop egos and they have jets and they have fucking mansions and rolls of voices.
It's so crazy that that works.
It's crazy that that works when that book is available for everybody and should be interpreted.
I mean, you should understand what it means.
[2:56:01] You shouldn't interpret it ignorantly, right?
Right.
But if you're wise enough to be able to in capture what they're trying to say, just capture in your mind what they're trying to say and translate it into a thing that makes sense.
You're like, what were they talking about?
Yeah.
What happened?
Is this a map of how the universe was created in the beginning?
There was light.
Is that a map or is that life itself?
Like what is that?
What is it in it?
What is that?
And to me that's like, oh like the Bhagavad Gita, any of these beautiful things.
That's what's fun about them is that they, it's producing a kind of like bizarre riddle in your own mind as you're trying to decode it, but then there's a pull.
The more you study it, the more you get drawn in.
And when you start getting really drawn in, that's when people start appearing around you that help a non-nepharias way.
That like you just start meeting people who help [2:57:03] you understand it a little bit more and that's where it gets fucking weird The simulation is fuck around by the way now that we've talked about the Bible can I talk about my new favorite book?
Yes, Dianetics You are to this book yes, I heard if you're really good at they put you on a boat an org Yes, I heard if you're really good at it, they put you on a boat, an org.
It's an org.
You get to be a part of an org, a sea org.
A sea org.
You get a jacket with some metals.
Fuck it, dude.
I've sat down this podcast a million times.
My favorite Mark Twain quote, religion is what happened when the first con man met the first fool.
And then, dude, that's the problem with all this stuff is like this is what the problem is there's too many versions Right so someone's wrong.
No, the problem is people don't trust their fucking instincts And it's like drive all blames and no one's self.
It's like I'm like this is your nothing that I am seen in the new testament Seems to be inviting you to throw your rational mind away [2:58:04] It's the whole fucking thing is crazy.
It's crazy, but it's like the invitation is to like, God gave you your rational fucking mind if there is a God and like anyone telling you to discard that and forego your interpretation for theirs.
Dude, watch the fuck out.
This is your job.
Like just like whatever the fucking thing is, whether it's the Bible, Reddit conspiracy, fucking forechan, whatever the fucking thing is, what are you afraid of?
Like how, do you not trust your mind?
How weak are you?
Are you really afraid to take data in?
Do you think you're going to be corrupted by data?
Well, isn't it also an identity thing?
Because if you identify as the person gets to talk in front of everybody, you're the priest.
That's your identity.
You're not gonna give that up.
Because then you just have another person who reads the Bible.
[2:59:01] Yeah, dude.
Well, then Mike can go up to tomorrow.
Mike's gonna go up Mike's been trying at home Yeah, it's in front of the mirror and he thinks he's ready to priest Yeah, so I want you to let Mike try it tomorrow night Debbie's been reading a lot too and Debbie like try to do this guy's used to getting his jolly's off three four times a week Yeah, telling people but blast with me.
Yeah, yeah, and then especially if you like one of them tent Revival guys those wild dudes like Kinnison used to be.
Yeah.
Just con-harsht.
Con-harsht that are also saying biblical quotes, but they're manipulating people.
They're really good at talking.
They're hypnotizing people with their words, just like you hypnotize a comedy audience.
Dude, this is why I listen to Christian radio, man, because like I like that.
I like that.
No, it's a comic.
Listening to sermons and recognizing, like, that's a joke.
Like, he's done that a lot.
Like, that's one of his gags.
Like, I know that's a bit.
That's a bit.
I know what that is.
That's a fucking thing.
But, you know, again, it's like section.
This is not an example of humanity.
It's an example of fucking people who talks [3:00:06] to Plasmaosis who are you doing a new mother fucker?
You know, but this is also just an example of you're not going to have everyone be the same.
You're going to have people that they'd never learned things well.
Look, look, if I got hired to be a part of some mathematical study, I'm useless.
I'm not that guy, right?
That's, I fucked up that part of my life.
I never really learned that.
I didn't pay attention.
I'm not interested.
So that's not me.
But someone out there is, right?
And to have those two things exist simultaneously.
You're gonna have to have an infinite variety of possibilities for human beings.
So that's part of the problem.
Part of the problem is some people are just out of their fucking minds.
And if those people out of their fucking minds [3:01:01] get special rights, like the tax-free exempts status because they're a pastor and they're a fucking psychopath, they're just really good at conning people.
And they're running this organization.
There might be a guy right down the street that's a real Christian.
There might be a guy right down the street that's a really kind person who's really reading the word of Christ and he does it not for profit.
He does it to try to like establish the love of God in this community and he takes these people in like their family and his beautiful community aspect to it where everybody's kind to each other is beautiful things to church.
That's true too, but the problem is humans, just like the problem with our ability to other each other, just a problem with the ability to attack people on the other side of the political spectrum who live in the same fucking city as you Yeah, like people are fucking rabbit against other people in their town that want to vote for this guy Yeah, they want to do this and this guy wants to do that and fuck you you commie.
Yeah, everyone's going crazy Dude, I know it's just a human thing.
It's a tribal thing.
We are not yet cooked [3:02:03] We're we're a fucking soft boiled egg, baby.
And we're running.
Where's some eggs you get at the diner?
We go, oh, you see that fucking jolat?
That's us.
That's not all the way cooked.
Yeah.
And when you eat things that aren't all the way cooked, you got a lot of fucking problems.
You're gonna get sick.
Yeah, but we're getting cook buddy.
We're getting microwave to get AI microwaved in about three years That's right baby the fucking AI Messiah is coming baby We are gonna do a podcast you and I before this thing is done before civilization slides into the ocean again We're we're you and I are gonna do a podcast where we communicate with everyone with no words What's gonna happen?
You're gonna do it?
I'm gonna do it We're gonna be talking to each other with no words and we're gonna talk to everyone else out there with no words.
What's gonna happen?
You're gonna do it, I'm gonna do it.
We're gonna be talking to each other with no words and we're gonna talk to everyone else out there with no words too.
We're all gonna be synced up.
It's gonna be a sea of ideas, exposing each other to other ideas and like considering other ideas with no attachment at all to your ego.
[3:03:01] It's gonna be super weird.
And then you know what's gonna happen?
Aliens land.
No, we're gonna look around and be like, wait, this doesn't look like the Rogan studio.
This is just like some weird fucking room.
And then a CIA agent is gonna come in and be like, thank you so much for participating in the experiment.
And Trump will be on his fourth term.
No, it'll be the 60s.
And we We're in a fucking MK Ultra experiment.
That's probably true.
We've been rambling at each other for like, what feels like a long time, like our whole lifetime.
But it was like five seconds.
So like, well, okay, thank you for trying out seven, nine BL XY.
We really appreciate it.
We're in the basement and Harvard right now.
Yeah, here's 20 bucks.
See ya.
And Jolly West is looking at us with a clipboard.
================================================================================
Episode Title: JRE MMA Show #157 with Craig Jones
Transcript:
I like the one ear to the side.
That's professional.
A lot of guys do that.
Helps my hearing.
It's fading in my old age.
Do you have fucked up ears because of the cauliflower?
Is it a fuck up hearing?
Yeah, just one of them.
I thought it was cold until the inner is started to swell and it was messed with my hearing and I was like, that's not cold anymore.
Did you get it fixed?
I just face it at the women I'm talking to.
Did you get it fixed or do you?
I would eventually drain down, but it's as good as it's gonna get, I think.
Yeah I always wore ear guards I was always scared of the ears because it's just it there's a design like it helps capture sound and bring it into your ear.
I didn't know the airpods were coming that through a curveball and how cold this was.
Oh right can you have stuff them in there?
I jammin' them but pop back out.
Yeah you gotta wear it over the ears so let's talk about your tournament.
The tournament or where did this come from first of all?
Because you competed in Abu Dhabi.
This is what I don't understand.
You're gonna go head to head with ADCC, which is the biggest grappling organization in the world.
By the way, that's Gordon Ryan's belt up there.
If you wanna look at it.
Go to Ryan, oh man, I might take that on with me.
Yeah.
I might take that on with me.
Yeah.
I can't get the money to buy it.
Well, I mean, what started it?
Well, obviously you can't win it.
Tony, you put your own tournament on the UKAN win.
And probably lose anyway.
I mean, really, it's for the growth of the sport.
We're getting some beef involved, some two-packed biggie Drake Kendrick energy to this, but really to compensate the athletes well and to raise some money for charity along the way.
And who's funding this thing?
That's one of those things, you know?
You gal takes a trip to the UAE.
She comes back with a handbag, you don't talk about it, you know?
I've given you questions, you know?
You brought with you a million dollars in cash, which I've never seen before.
I've never seen a million dollars in one place.
I've never even seen a million dollar check [2:07] Yeah, I guess tip it out Sure we don't spill any Ladies and gentlemen that is one million dollars in cash all stays That is so ridiculous.
Look at that.
That's so crazy.
Wow.
Whoever is running this really trusts you.
They should.
Those are loose.
Like a lot of these are just fine around here.
They have way too much faith in me.
Yeah.
A lot of faith in you.
I mean, this was the proof.
I had the idea I was like, I'll bring a prop million dollars on Joe Rogan, but people were, I was thinking then, they already don't believe I have the money.
So if I pulled out a prop million and you were like, oh, that's fake money, then I'm like, oh, my turn, So I said to do some bad things for that.
So how's one even get a million dollars out of a bank?
[3:07] That's gotta be a pain in the ass, right?
Yes, so my buddy that's helping me out with this, basically called his bank, he said, I need a million dollars on Thursday, they said, yo, that takes two to three weeks and he's like, get me the million on Thursday, or I'll find a bank that can.
And that, I mean, that put the energy in them to get it.
Here we are.
So what does this guy do that he has all this loot?
I really don't want to say.
I'm going to keep it all directed.
I mean, it's all above board legal, you know what I mean?
But we're sort of keeping it mysterious.
I want any negative energy towards the tournament coming my direction.
Not the anonymous sugar daddy in the background.
OK.
So you don't want to say like what the business is or does the business profit off of this at all?
Does this benefit the business to do this?
What are you doing?
I mean we're running as a non-profit So like obviously for people that want to support the sport of Jiu-Jitsu Like we're gonna donate basically all the ticket sales of this event towards different charities So we really want to do this as a non-profit because my thoughts were if Jiu-Jitsu doesn't make a profit [4:05] We might as well make a non-profit.
Mm, okay.
Well, Jiu-Jitsu make no profit?
Like Abu Dhabi doesn't turn a profit, right?
It's done primarily because of the shakes, love of the sport.
Like the, yeah, it's like a passion project, but I mean, sort of my problem with the latest event is like we're selling so many tickets and they Their event is in T-Mobile T-Mobile is super expensive as far as I know I remember their event organized a posted the amount they paid for T-Mobile And it was basically two of these So I was just to rent out the venue just to rent out and then you were at the Thomas and Mac Yeah, so the previous event we're, they were at Thomas and Mac.
So I just thought, hey, I might as well check how much Thomas and Mac cost.
And it was a lot cheaper.
So I might opinion we're really doing this because the prize money's been the same for so long.
A lot of events don't pay a lot of money, but obviously ADCC is the biggest.
biggest and this sells a lot of ticket sales but really they made a lateral move in the venue that didn't [5:07] really grow much in the way of seating and none of that money really how much is Thomas and Maxi?
I think we'll have about 11,000 seats for this one and T-bombs was 18 I think 18 yeah so not massive difference and really ATCC prize money stayed the same.
So their prize money you have to win four matches to get 10k not that I'd know because I could never fucking win it but we're gonna pay We're gonna do two divisions and pay a hundred times that amount of money to the division winners So 10k is the winner of ADCC and we're gonna pay 10,000 and one dollars to show up to that's ornament 10,000 and one throw an extra dollar That's for me personally.
So anybody who competes gets $10,000.
Really?
So even if you just get smoked.
Yeah, I mean, I'm thinking of the other guys like me and these tournaments that don't make the final compensate everyone, you know?
Well, that is nice, but ADCC's never made money, right?
So for them, raising the money would just be losing more money.
Yeah, I mean, but if, I mean, if you could sell 11,000 seats, [6:08] you know what I mean?
Like, if you could sell streaming rights to an event, I feel like some of that should go back towards the athletes rather than just spending it all on production.
Like, I, a lot of people talk about the cost of production and it's important to grow a sport, but I really feel like at least the athlete competition should go up a little bit.
You know, like in terms of tickets sales, some of that should go back towards the athletes.
Even if the ADCC is not making any money at all.
But in terms of, they do make money, but it's where they spend it.
They choose to spend it on production rather than the athletes.
Right, but it's not profitable.
Like, in terms of the organization itself is not really profitable, I don't believe.
Well, I would imagine if they chose Thomas and Mack with streaming rights and the cost of the venue like that they've spent on T-Mobile, for sure they would have made a profit of this event.
You could curtail production costs down.
[7:02] Like, it's not gonna be that crazy if you choose the right venue.
My opinion is grappling's amazing, but I don't think we're ready for team level.
That's a massive, expensive venue.
Right.
Well, the Thomas and Mack was very impressive last year.
It was very impressive.
The whole overall production and just the scope of it and the amount of fans that came out to watch ADCC, it was pretty impressive.
It's crazy, yeah it's crazy.
I've never competed in that many in front of that many people.
Four was awesome, it was awesome to go.
That was basically my opinion.
It's like, while we're making a lateral move in my opinion, one we could still keep the same venue.
So what was the idea about going head to head with ADCC?
If you want to grow the sport, wouldn't it be better to do it in an alternative weekend?
That way the people that competed ADCC can also compete at your event?
Well we kind of, I mean yeah, obviously athletes can't do both, but in terms of for the fans, the fans will be able to go to Alvin Friday Saturday, still see ADCC finals on Sunday.
But in terms of doing it at the same week and we're really trying to make a stand that the athletes can unify in this sense and we can get compensated better.
[8:10] Because again, not the athletes care where we compete.
As the sport grows, grappling's growing, obviously, thanks to people like you, you've blown it up.
Whenever you shout us out, our followers go up.
So the mean, the events are getting more eyes on it.
People are more ticket sales.
Like we should get at least some token gesture of a payment increase.
Well, I think the best case scenario out of this is that ADCC does ramp it up in that the sport does get more eyeballs because people are aware of this huge increase in pay.
And then over, I always feel like competition is good.
I just don't necessarily like the idea of going head to head because I feel like it just kind of messes with the athletes because you know, it puts them in a situation where they have to choose first of all between ADCC and the Craig Jones invitational.
[9:02] And if they do that, ADCC is going to probably hold a grudge.
I mean, hopefully not.
Well, hopefully they're not.
But likely they will.
I mean, it doesn't make sense that they would.
I mean, if you're kind of crippling their organization by taking the elite guys and offering them potential for like how many people are going to jump ship?
Do you know?
I mean, who will we go confirm already?
We've got Fion Davies past champion.
The Taker brothers were the first two with a Nikki Ryan.
I'm gonna announce today Nikki Rods jumping across.
We got Luke Rockhold in there.
We threw him in because he's just he's honestly pretty impressive.
He tapped me out in the gym.
I was like fuck it.
We're throwing man.
In terms of the under we got Joseph Chen.
So I mean a lot of people are gonna make the move.
And what's interesting to me, I can't say any names particularly, but a lot of the old legends, obviously wanna be a part of this event.
I think they believe, they wanna support the cause.
You know what I mean?
And you say make the athletes make a choice.
I mean, really they should be able to make the choice if there's an event with such a huge amount of prize money on display.
You know, the argument is prestige, first prize money in my argument is, [10:06] the prize money's there, that becomes the most prestigious event.
Yeah, it does, it does ramp up the prestige, but will this happen again?
Is this a one time thing or are you guys planning on doing multiple ones of these?
Yeah, we wanna do it.
We don't, 80 CC every two years, so most of the time the guys have to wait every two.
We want to do it every year.
Well, that would be good.
Then there'd be a year where it's not in competition.
We don't want to just kill another organization.
And then I just disappear off into the sunset.
Maybe sneak a couple million.
But we want to do it every year for sure.
The goal is really to raise money for charities and do some film projects around the world using Jiu-Jitsu really helping out some other privileged kids and stuff.
Well, the whole idea of using it for charity is beautiful.
That's amazing.
But is this guy willing to fork up this kind of, like does he have a commitment to do this more than once?
I mean, basically he says if, hey, we do a good job of this one, you can do it every year.
He's super invested in, so what did you get to love that?
And this guy's just throwing loot away.
That's a crazy thing to commit to though.
I mean, even no matter how rich you are.
[11:06] I mean, because if you're giving away $3 million in prize money, is that what it is?
Oh, two.
I mean, so how's it go all together?
We basically go to budget of $3 million.
And we decided to give $2.3 million to the athletes.
And the rest, we're going to spend on production.
Obviously, we're going to have sponsors come in.
we're going to work with the Ticula sponsors, but we're going again, the Ticot sales, that's going to charity.
We're really allowing some of the athletes to choose.
Like if we have an influential grappler and stuff, we're not really trying to leverage the money we have, we're saying, hey, if we get you on board, we're happy to donate a percentage of the Ticot sales to a charity of your choice.
So we give them a bit of freedom in who they Well, that's nice.
And if this does go well, like what's the, when you say go well, like what are the guidelines, what are we trying to achieve in terms of like going well to do this again?
I mean, based on the investment and how much money we can raise for charity is really the goal there.
Like if we can sell out Thomas and Mac and we can demonstrate that we can do this in [12:01] a cost effective way, we can bring in more more sponsors.
Definitely gonna keep doing this every year.
Well, like I said, I think competition is always great.
And I think just more eyeballs and more people pay attention to it is great for the sport.
Obviously, I love Jiu-Jitsu.
And I think, you know, the athlete's getting paid a million dollars to win first place is fantastic.
I mean, because, you know, we both know that most athletes don't make much money off of actual competition.
The money that they do make, they usually make in seminars.
Only fans.
Yeah, holy, that's you.
Yeah, that's a lot of underwear I had to sell, you know?
Only fans and what else?
I guess DVDs.
Yeah, I mean, that's the number one revenue source athletes would be instructional.
But again, that's like you can win the biggest tournaments in the world It doesn't necessarily translate to seminars doesn't translate to Instructionals really that's the sad thing.
It's like you hold certain events so hard that you're like when I win that I'm gonna make it but then there'll be some also like me that never won but outsells you it doesn't make you know I mean, it's like it's not your life's not set if you win one of these events [13:08] But if you win a million as a graph you're pretty well set up especially if you're like a a grappa from a poor country Like a million U.S.
and Brazil's gonna go a long long way and also it's it's just gonna elevate the whole profile of the sport Just people knowing that a million dollars is going towards the first place, craftwers.
And then like, has UFC Fight Pass had a positive impact?
Does that helped at all?
For sure.
I mean, obviously, it helps so much.
Like, my dream's always taking on MMA guys.
You know, like they got a cloud, they got the big name.
So obviously, UFC Fight Pass helped that happen.
But I mean, Tetchies put aacle of sort of professional super fight events.
And what is like, like if you fight in UFC Fight Pass, like what is a big payday UFC Fight Pass?
I know some of the athletes might get, I don't know how I should say it, Tetsuya will fight kill me, but I mean it's broad, like I could go from 10 to 6 big is really.
And again, that's the thing, [14:05] when you compete for an event like a tournament, you might face four guys.
Like for me personally, I might face four guys that I could have made much more money facing off in a super fight setting.
So really like in terms of the investment, the commitment, the training, the time to prepare for potentially four opponents to win something like $10,000 when if I just had four superfights, it makes so much more money.
Obviously, I didn't get the medal.
And the amount of money that you're going to spend in camp anyway, just with nutrition, supplements, steroids, the damage to duty of audience.
All the jazz, everything, everything.
You mean you're spending $10,000 anyway.
Your blood pressure goes up, your liver values go up, you push it to the out, you red line it for a thing like IDCC.
Well, that is the craziest thing about the sport, is that steroids are openly tolerated.
It's probably the only elite professional sport where particularly because of Gordon, because Gordon's been so open about steroids [15:01] that everyone knows that the athletes are on juice.
Well, I'm sponsored by a local company called EverTight.
And this is the sad thing, I tell people, hey, I'm on TRT and I'm sponsored by them.
And no one believes me, they're like, you look so out of shape, there's no way he's just joking.
And I'm like, no, believe me, I'm taking turns.
Do you look like me?
I mean, sometimes, yeah.
So I'm gonna say, I'm gonna say I'm the worst example of athlete.
I don't stretch, don't do any recovery, I don't sleep properly.
You don't stretch at all?
No, I just go easy the first round.
I feel like I'm pushing on my legs.
I just hit my ability.
I think if you get a bad injury, that's a sign.
Maybe it's gonna hang it up, you know?
So when you do a little bit of lifting, but man, fucking, I don't even track anything.
I'll just be like, oh, that seems like enough lifting for today.
Really?
Yeah, that's it.
Do you ever wonder like if you did like hire like a serious, like strength and conditioning coach and really get after it, it would make a difference in your performance?
Maybe, but I mean, like, I mean, if those are millions, I was gonna lie, maybe, but that's a little funny.
But it's your whole life.
[16:05] I mean, you're a professional jujitsu guy.
I mean, I love the technique and the strategy aspect of it.
You know, like sometimes when I've lifted or taken more steroids than usual, it's like I'm starting to overly rely on my strength.
I love what I love about jujitsu is laying traps, tricking people, making make people feel silly.
That's the part I like.
Right.
Rather than just, I want to look jacks just for me.
No feeling for a notch.
But don't you think even with the laying traps and just overall your ability to move would be enhanced?
It's true, but if I mean if I look too jack and I want to buy the instruction, I said, black, come, fuck and do it, that guy, though.
I've got to look like a weathered man man out there.
Wow, that's a crazy approach.
We got another announcement here today.
The biggest super fight in grappling history.
We signed it actually.
I signed this maybe an hour and a half ago.
So I got the contract data.
But busted out.
Uh oh.
[17:00] The biggest super fighting grappling history, really?
Yeah, it might be one of the biggest events in...
What is the biggest so far?
So far, it's probably Gordon and Galval.
Yeah, it terms of Val.
Hodja Bisesha.
Yeah.
But now we're talking the most decorated female athlete of all time.
Gabi Garcia has put pen to paper to face me on my own event.
So we're talking 10-11 time world champion four-time ADCC champion.
You have been joking around about this forever.
This is actually going to happen.
A hundred percent going to happen.
We booked that.
We signed this contract earlier.
So like, I mean, I had to do a lot of things to get it done, you know?
What'd you have to do?
I had to talk to Gabby a lot.
I had to go over there and give her a backdrop.
You have to dance with her.
I mean, this getting this done, like, she's like a heavy one, staying producing, you know?
But I'll do it for the fans.
But we got that booked.
[18:06] So I mean, she I'll take her on.
Wow.
I feel good.
I probably want to train for I'll be planning this damn event.
Say you won't train.
I will train that hard I'm happy she's doing it that way.
Oh, it took a long time.
We've been talking about this for two and a half years Filsing a range marriage or something.
I know I was always thinking that it was just.
I know we're gonna get, we're gonna get rid of this sexual tension somehow, you know?
So we're gonna throw it down.
There's one way.
Yeah.
I mean, that's in the contract if I lose, I have to do some things.
Oh no.
Maybe sell that on your only fans, but.
Oh.
Good luck.
Good luck.
Um, so when this all goes down, are you gonna stream it live and how are you gonna do that?
Free on YouTube.
Really?
Yeah, we wanna put it free on YouTube.
Cause like everything I wanna do about this event is to grow the sport.
So like, do you just excorings confusing?
It's hard to keep up.
Some events don't even know the run scoring.
And to be honest, I compete in events where I don't even know the rules.
You know, I'm just hoping for the best, but this one we're going to do for the lead-up matches, the non-finals, qualifying matches, [19:08] three by five-minute rounds, and we're going to have the judges score according to your traditional judicia.
You know, like if you get a good position, it might be a...
if there's a four-point discrepancy, something like that.
Are you using a specific rule set or are you guys making your own?
Making our own one.
We want to make it our own one.
We want to make it our own completely.
So we want to take what you do to guys already know.
So we'll have three judges use some sort of pre-existing points system to understand, but we'll have the judges translate into a 10 point mark system.
So the MMA fans will understand.
So say if there's a, after round one, the guy finishes on the other guys back.
The rest stops up.
We get out.
We have a minute break.
That's a strong position.
We'll score that at 10-8th.
And we'll do open scoring.
So, Jiu-Jitsu guys are used to knowing the score as the match progresses.
They don't like the surprises.
Like MMA, it's the surprise at the end.
Jiu-Jitsu guys, they don't want things to be two different.
So, we're basically keeping it very similar to what they already already understand while trying to introduce it in a way that's friendly to fans that you [20:06] knew.
Because fans that you know what the fuck's happening.
And the guy you see he won the round tonight.
I wish that MMA had opened scoring because it would expose a lot of really bad scoring.
You know where you're at.
Yeah.
Because there's so many times where it's just not.
And the argument against it I think is silly because the argument against it is that the person would coast if they were ahead, but my feeling is that would make the person who's behind really get after it because they know they're behind.
You know, and then in fights where you know a guy's ahead and the guy's getting tooled up, that's already the case.
There's no, you know, like if like, Adesanya is fighting somebody and he's just dominating the fight.
We all know that.
We all know that.
And the only thing that could fuck him is a bad judge.
Some crazy judge.
Yeah.
And we've seen that.
We've seen like two scores that are like, that's right.
And then one score, one judge is like, what the fuck was that guy watching?
That's the guy we're going to hire for out of that.
That guy's going gonna be cheap.
Why?
That guy's gonna be dangerous.
[21:06] Why 10-8?
Like, well, I don't even like 10-8 for MMA.
I think it sucks.
I mean, just for a way that we can grow, like we can have it easy to digest.
I mean, I guess MMA is still pretty confusing, but we want MMA fans, we want to steal MMA fans.
Like, that's probably my whole strategy.
I'll take on guys in the UFC because I know that drug tests that I'm not and I'll be like and they're famous It's like a perfect match up But we want to do that because we want to steal their fans and we're also changing It's very fucking expensive actually every jujitsu event is basically on an elevated stage or just on mats And we have this problem where there's all these weird resets like guys might fall off the stage Yeah, the crashing of the table.
That's crazy.
So inspired by Karate Combat, we're going to do a rectangular mat space with that angled wall.
Because there's nowhere to run.
And we're going to call this rectangular mat space the alley.
You basically only hit the back alley to fight or fuck.
But isn't the angled wall a bit of a problem?
[22:03] Like I saw your match with Phil Bro.
Yeah.
And the angled wall like all of a sudden he's fucked because you're just gonna go down Like it's not like a wall like a wall.
I don't like the cage in MMA I've said multiple times.
I really think they should be fighting in a basketball court Just make it all matted up have a long red line We're gonna bring it big 30 by 40.
It's gonna be massive.
That is big.
So we heard the possible call up but we threw some angles on the end.
Well, punishes them.
We wanna punish guys for backing up.
Okay.
So like again, like you said with the caves, they back up but they remain vertical and guys are so like you can use that angle to not get taken down.
But if you back up, if you're running away we want it to be detrimental to you while not having any referee interruption.
So if I'm like you said, I see one of the first round 10, 8, I'm coasting, I'm backing up.
That guy can chase me and there's nowhere I can go.
And if I back up, it's detrimental to me.
I want to ask you a specific question about the Philip Rhoffite because he posted his arm down to like against the angle.
And I was like, well, you're kind of fucked if you're doing that.
[23:06] And then you threw up the triangle and you trapped him.
But like, did you train for that?
So this is this setup.
And this is in karate combat, which is by the way in Austin this Thursday.
I'm gonna go down and check that out.
Oh, that's a good show.
So like this.
Like when he posted his arm down, I'm like, oh no, that's honestly, here's the funny thing about it is As in the promoter said to me goes bro, we've got to sell the angled wall for grappling He's like, can you try to submit him off the wall and I was like, fuck yeah, I'll do that But I was like I was like, I got no plans of that They asked you to do it.
Oh, they said they said that'd be cool if you could have an overhook, and we can put weight on that hand, they can't lift it off the ground, so we can shoot a triangle pretty easy.
So, as soon as I saw him, I've got an overhook here, we've got the Russian tire.
As soon as I see him put that right hand on the floor, I was like, we can do something flying.
And flying shit, but you throw an angle in there.
I'll give it a crack [24:08] Well, especially with everything padded up like that on the walls.
Yeah But man me and Phil were laughing before this match like we would you I had a couple beers before this I thought we're just gonna have a good time You got a couple beers before the match.
Yeah, Phil said he was gonna drink it to kill a shot to sell the match, but then I saw him put water in his cup.
I was like, I'll be a misled here.
And then we went out there and I didn't even know the time of the match.
There was eight minutes.
Then the guys got 12 minute match on my, oh fuck.
And then his coach started cornering serious.
I was like, what have I got myself into?
I was like, better give it a crowd though.
We're You really had a couple of beers?
Yeah, I do do sometimes, you know.
Do you really?
Take the edge off, yeah.
Does it fuck with your performance at all?
You know what?
I never know what helps my performance or makes it worse.
You know, I never have like...
Taking the edge off might help.
I think so because I do a long training camp.
Sometimes I'm like thinking every day, putting pressure on myself.
But like, I finished that match and because I hit a flying thing we just got hammered that now.
I was [25:05] celebrating and then the next time I was like, I have to face Lovato next week.
I thought, what have I done?
So it's like sometimes I guess the John Jones approach, you know, having some fun the week before it takes the edge off.
Relaxes me.
Ilya Tuporia does that too.
He gets drunk on Thursday night when he weighs in on Friday.
That's why I don't like what he did to my man, but I respect the drinking of the wine for sure.
Yeah.
That fight, I wanted to talk to you about that too.
I wanted to talk to you about just the Volkanowski fight in training him in general.
Like, did you try, did you try in any way to discourage him from taking the market share fight on 10 days notice?
Sure.
Now, I mean, I'm not involved in that process at all.
You know, like, I got the code that was happening.
Like, he called me, I mean, I was jet-like at the time.
I just got into Austin for a day and I get a call at 4M from Vogue.
He's like, I think I have a Maca-Chef booked in two.
Were you apprehensive about him taking that fight on such short notice?
[26:08] I mean, I wouldn't say apprehensive.
I like believing him fully.
I knew it would be a very difficult challenge.
I didn't know what sort of shape he was into the time I didn't see him for a while.
But like I believe in him that he can do it.
And it's like I'm going to just do everything I can to get him ready for that moment.
And yeah, I mean it is the risk of the game, you know, especially you take a short notice fight like that.
He had been training at all.
I honestly don't know.
I don't think he, like he wasn't in the same shape he was for the previous match.
I've filed a previous match.
I was down in Wollongong with his team freestyle for like six to eight weeks, helping him prepare for that one.
But I mean, this one, yeah, such a one, I don't know.
Well, that made it such a huge difference the six to eight weeks, just the fact that he was able to survive on the ground the way he was.
And not just that, but just not just survive, but be completely safe.
He was never even close to being threatened [27:02] with a submission, you know, and the fact that he was like laughing and all of them punching him from behind and...
It's crazy, yeah.
I mean, I can't take too much credit for that.
The guy just is an animal.
He's an animal.
Yeah, he's just a monster.
So hard to hold down, even for me to hold down.
I don't get it.
I'm like, fuck, you 145.
This shouldn't be the case, Well, also he used to weigh 214 pounds and you still got those fucking tendons from being a big gorilla.
That's true.
Yeah, the rugby day is that's crazy.
I mean, I trained when I trained at his gym, one of the rugby plays come in actually and I was just fucking around rolling with him and he put me in a chin strap and I was stuck.
I was like, fuck, thank God these guys might grill money and other sports.
I have to do this shit.
Yeah, it's a hard sport that Americans don't necessarily appreciate.
They don't understand.
Like, those are guys that could compete in the NFL.
They said they're playing rugby because they live in a different country.
But it's...
When Volkanovsky fought the first time and he was perfectly prepared, it was an amazing fight.
I thought he won.
[28:00] I thought it was very close, but I thought he won.
I think round two was the difference and I could see round two going either way, but I thought it was very close, but I thought he won.
I gave, I think round two was the difference.
And I could see round two going either way, but I gave it to Volk.
But I was like, when, when they announced it, the rematch, part of me was like, ooh, that's great fight.
But the other part of me was like, eee, this is the number one, in my opinion, this is the fight for number one pound for pound, right?
I believe Volk won the first fight, although very close.
It's, I don't think it's a robbery, but it's very close.
And I think that puts him as the number one pound for pound fighter in the world.
And then he loses the fight to Islam.
He gets caught with that head kick and then he gets knocked out by Toporia.
Now he's not even in the conversation anymore.
So this is a short amount of time, you know, and then everything kind of falls apart.
And I think it wouldn't have fallen apart if not for the rematch.
It wasn't for the reason.
If he just waited for Tupuria, I think I gotta think that head kick has a factor.
I mean, to get brained like that with a shin to the dome, which is the worst way to get knocked [29:01] out, you know, it's so much power in legs.
I mean, your legs are carrying your legs are carrying your body around all day.
I don't think people that have never been kicked understand how much more power is in a leg.
Yeah, I wouldn't know.
You get head kicked like that and then you fight the guy who's obviously the most dangerous boxer in the division in the next fight and get KO'd.
I mean, yeah, it's crazy.
I don't know the, I've had a couple of concussions from grappling like accidents, but I don't, yeah, accidents.
Always that one, you know, I'm going crazy, but I don't know really the effects of that.
It's so hard to judge like it's like, I don't know what testing they can do, but it's like, they can't do much unfortunately they do they're there are some tests but the reality is every time you get knocked out it's easier for that person to get knocked out again and psychology I think for the opponents like for me coaching valks like there were matches where like even with the fights when like say well take out him in the sub and it's like when he keeps doing [30:01] these impossible things you believe in the the myth of yoga more and more, and how the fight is due to, they go, we couldn't submit him, look how deep we'll take it.
Well, it's his heart is just unstoppable.
But I think when a guy gets clipped like that, everyone else goes, they suddenly have a bit more self-believe.
So I think it's like two factors.
Yeah, I think you're probably right.
but I think Toporia thought he was going to do that to him anyway, but I was just loved to have seen him fully recover from that.
Like when Manipack-yau got knocked out by Marquez, Freddie Roach wouldn't let him do anything for a year.
He's like, you're going to take one year off.
He's like, this is the only way you have to, and Freddie Roach who has trauma-induced Parkinson's from his boxing career.
He's well aware of the impact of brain damage.
And you know, it's so tricky because I'm just such a huge valk fan.
I just look, I wish I had his ear.
I don't know if you would have listened to me, but if I had his ear.
I think that's what makes those guys special those that they don't, they're like it's the self belief.
100%.
That's what makes you a champion.
You cannot become a Volkanowski [31:06] without this unstoppable belief in yourself.
Me and him are the complete opposite.
Hey, if someone was like, bro, you're probably gonna lose.
I'm like, yeah, you make a good point.
I'm like, how much do they pay me?
We're a complete opposite.
And he takes everything super serious, sporting everything.
I mean, the thing about your joking around and being silly about it all is like, you are, but your technique is very, very good.
Obviously, you are obviously or one of the elite guys in the world when it comes to technique.
So it's not, you are serious.
Yeah, I mean personality type, you know?
Yeah.
But I guess we have the Australian bond.
He has faith in me, more faith in me than the guy that gave me this, I think.
They both probably shouldn't know.
What is a walk up to now?
I think he's talking about...
I think he's in Thailand training at Bangtow with his...
So, folks, wrestling coach Frank Hickman, they have a gym in Thailand, so he's out in Bangtow again in some workin'.
I wanna get him a grappling match.
I said to him, I said man, like if we're gonna take some time away [32:06] cause of the concussions, let's get you a grappling match.
And my thought was, how cool would it be to see him and Ortega have a grappling match?
Oh my God, that would be incredible.
I would just love to see it in that setting cause Ortega obviously struggles to submit him in MMA.
Grapping match right with no gloves to yeah, that would be very interesting or take us very good on the ground He's very sneaky too Yeah, so yeah, he's super slick.
He pull he catch some crazy shit out there He losing a fight like two three rounds get one look at a guillotine.
Mm-hmm.
It's crazy No, and his guillotine is fucking death.
I mean when Volcanowski got out of that the mounted guillotine his face looked like like a grape and just would not tap would not tap I had no idea how he got out but I told everyone I was like yeah obviously that's me by the DVD and then support his traveling coach I take credit for that he's an animal 99.9% of the world were tapped he's like that in the gym I remember I'll choke him in the gym [33:01] sometimes and he'll go from putting his chin in To taking it out as your grips in there like he'll try and switch it from like I guess like the front choke to the to the Blive vessels he just changes how you choke him and can survive down there.
Wow.
I don't know how he does it.
He should teach me that shit I think it's just his brain to yeah, too tough.
Yeah, he's a fucking animal And so does he have a plan to come back?
Does he...
I don't know what's going on.
I imagine it's probably Holloway vs.
Toporia.
I think that's gonna happen.
And then I think I hope personally we get Volks of Grappin' Match.
Maybe we get him at this event.
I'm hoping we get him, we get some MMA guys at this event.
Is he thinking about doing something like that?
He has been playing You have to hold a lot of time, right?
When is this?
This is August 16, 17th.
Yeah, so not much time, but I mean, if he's in shape, his training is out of Bangtown, Thailand, get some rounds in.
I think it's fine, especially against another MMA guy.
They both have the same type of training.
You know, it's not like, he's taking on a pure grappler that's only grappling.
So do you have a budget to do super fights as well?
Actually, yeah.
So we're going to start taking sponsors to try and get more super fights.
[34:06] And I'm in talks with some legends of the game right now.
Like some guys that you'd be shocked.
Can you say it, me up.
I wouldn't say any names, but potentially, I'll tell you your name.
I'm in the age of prime.
One of them has a Mexican sound in last name, but I'll talk to you about that.
Okay.
All that one.
Yeah, all the legends.
They want so many people in a commada or a time for this.
I think they just know, especially when I explain the rules, explain that it's in that.
Allie's like the sunken floor.
You know, they like that format.
Obviously, you throw a million dollars on the Instagram, you get some messages.
You know what I mean, you get some, hey brother, what's going on, you know?
Yeah, I think people are gonna be shocked at how good Luke Rockhold is.
Yeah, he, man, he's so tough.
He's very good on the ground.
I remember when he got widened down and mounted him and widened him, we could not get up.
I was like, this is, his ground game is very underrated because he's just known as an MMA guy.
And he's gonna come train with us.
He's gonna come to beat him five weeks.
[35:05] So he's gonna prepare with us for this event.
So we'll watch him and Nicky wrote, kill each other every day.
I'll love the watch that shit.
Wow.
Yeah, I always wondered how he would have done if he had gone straight grappling.
Cause the people that I know that trained with him said, dude, I think, he'd look at the guys he's training with, good beabin' Islam, came for Lascaz, DC, all those guys.
It's like, people think it's like, it's like an amazing isolation, like those skills weren't translate, they translate, especially with athletes like that.
Especially in such a grappling-dominated camp.
He's gonna surprise some for.
What you're looking for is like, $1 million for first place, $10,000 for second place.
I'm like, who's tapping?
Right, for $1 million.
Yeah, I think what we're going to do, I haven't finalized this yet, but I think if you're in a submission in the round ends, we keep going.
Get out of this arm bar to join the team.
Look at that one.
I don't get any money out of that.
[36:06] How bad was his arm fucked up after that?
That arm bar was so tight?
Well, that was the funny thing, right?
Is that what's the prize of EBI?
Well, he had some, if I had submitted him, I would have won 15K.
And I think he had only had two submissions in regulation.
So he was, he only made 10k so I like we could have made a business still there for a very long time just let it go but man I he's on popped on the day said it was fine next week I shot we both competing in another event again and there was like three four locker rooms and I'll I would just travel by myself I wouldn't even have a coach I just post an Instagram story who can corner me for this event like the one one against Gordon had Denny Prokobos and he was saying 10th planet stuff to me and I didn't even know what language he was speaking in the corner.
All right.
So I was cracking control.
Yeah.
He sang do these things.
I'm like, what's happening, bro?
And then I shopped to this next event, yeah, Kassai grappling in New York.
[37:05] And of all the locker rooms, I know how guys and I'm just like this a bit weird, like how this guy known by last week, then he choked me and now it's just me in a locker room with him, I was very awkward but then broke the ice and came in the train the next week.
And you were with them for a long time, you were with them for like what, five years?
With Danahe?
Two years.
Two years.
So what did start before Puerto Rico?
Yes, yeah, I lived in New York for, oh, I mean, man, my memory's hazy, but we did Puerto, we survived Puerto Rico for six months, and before that was, I would come and go from New York.
I'll split with a team two and a half years, but yeah, things get weird out there in the jungle, you know?
Yeah, nips down style.
Well, everyone's confused as to what happened with you guys.
That's what like there's no real version of the truth.
We got a book deal.
We got a movie deal coming out.
And now I'm gonna exploit that story to the bitter hands.
You have a book deal for real?
No, I'm checked.
But I could.
The story's weird enough, you know.
But what happened with you guys?
I mean, there's so many things we really can't discuss, you know?
A lot of problems, obviously, a lot of problems.
[38:06] Obviously, two brothers split up.
It was gonna be some serious issues there.
Mm-hmm.
But yeah, it's not really my place to say, but hopefully one day it comes out.
I think it'll be an interesting story.
Who knows, this shit might kick things off.
It might be well both three again.
So when you left, like how did you leave to start your own place when you guys started B team was at the plan all along?
Now, I honestly never even wanted to start a gym.
I'd already told the guys like at Danahuzz that I was like, Hey, I'm gonna this be my last at ECC.
And then I just want to travel around, see the world, visit interesting destinations, teach seminars, like I felt like I'd already built a brand.
But then when the team split, I felt like I sort of wanted to help them kickstart something.
So we came here, we started the B team.
I've been with the B team two or three years, but I'm not there too much anymore.
You know, I helped kickstart out.
We got the gym.
The guys haven't.
You know?
So like I like traveling around.
[39:01] So are you basically semi-retired?
For sure, yeah, for sure.
I mean, obviously, when you put on, like, if you put on an event that pisses off every other promotion in the sport, it's going to probably be hard to get matches in the future.
So I'll probably compete for my own show and that's it.
That's the plan we want to keep doing these shows.
Well, I think you're going to piss off ADCC for sure by going head to head with them, but I don't think it would piss off fight pass or a fire pass number one.
Do you think?
Well, I mean, if whoever is streaming ADCCs, obviously, not going to be happy as I was more competition.
But again, I still think long-term, this story is going to grow this.
What?
Yeah.
It's interesting story.
It's fine.
Let's see.
Let's see what happens.
It'd either be the best event ever or the five festival.
I'm hoping for the the former Festival are you are you Besides the Gabby Garcia thing which is you know no disrespect kind of a gimmick fight.
Yeah for sure.
Yeah Um, are you Done competing oh, we do another match.
That's Gabby Gabby will be one day if someone's down [40:03] I'll do a match on the other day as well.
We'll see, but I also want to leave it open because I am talking to some crazy big names, and I'm like, man, if we can put that together, like I'm going to try and save some space, but like, obviously, I have to run this thing.
But what you can tell me some of those names on the air?
It's everyone you can possibly think of.
I'll tell you how to do that.
This is a potential matchup that I'm working on.
That's insane.
It'll be the craziest shit ever.
Really?
Crazy, yeah.
You wanna tell me now what cut it out?
Yeah, can we do that?
Yeah, yeah.
I'm working a holy shit.
Sorry folks, you can't know.
Damn, that would be insane.
That would be insane.
Wow, is the former, is he training?
Training, yep.
People have said, man, he feels good.
It'd be like obviously crazy inspiration story.
I'd love it.
Wow.
Yeah.
That's insane.
That's insane.
And then it's like Abu Dhabi for a lot of people [41:01] is the Olympics of grappling.
And one of the things is it's every two years i mean i remember when john jacke uh...
one obeldaabee you know i just started i think this is like what year was this when he started training when he uh...
fought obeldaabee early two thousand from it to have a i think i was like a blue belt at the time and when john jacke went over there we're we're just so John Jock went over there we were just so proud that he went over there and he had this advantage over a lot of the key guys and that he only has one hand and so he never relied on grabbing collars.
Everything was over hooks and under hooks and he had sort of already developed a no-gee game that he was applying to the key.
You know obviously he could do all the key techniques as well but he was more of a no-gey game that he was applying to the G.
You know, obviously he could do all the G techniques as well, but he was more of a no-gey guy in the beginning.
And it was so interesting watching that style, you know, watching no-gey, which is, if Abu Dhabi didn't do that, and if they didn't have this prestigious event and make it no-gey, I think the sport would have really [42:02] struggled because it's so hard for people to appreciate what's going on with the key.
It's very slow and when you see a guy getting choked by a collar it's just...
It looks silly, but yeah, but yeah, oh man, I'm so happy I would be able to be exists.
I think the inspiration of me to do ADCC was Stuart Cooper's Highlight Rills.
Like when I was coming up, like, 2009, 2011, Cimbraleo, Anjagav Alz runs, like that, inspired me.
Losing in the game more than No Gilson inspired me to chase the No Gil Dreams.
But like, I'm following in Eddie Bravas for steps, you know, we both did ADCC, couldn't win it.
We have our own invitational.
But yeah, I, thankful have a career as big as it is without ADCC.
But do you feel any loyalty to ADCC?
Like you're kind of fucking them, right?
I mean, I feel loyalty to the athletes.
I think like for what we do and how much, how much bigger the sport is now we should be compensated better, you know?
Like, and that's sort of why I've taken a massive risk in doing this.
[43:01] I appreciate what you're saying, but if ADC is not turning a profit, like the idea of composing the athletes more, I mean, they have essentially made stars out of so many of these athletes, and by because of that, by the fact of that, they've profited.
But therein was the argument, and the argument is that I believe an event of that magnitude should turn a profit.
I'm going to do it myself and see.
Obviously, I could be wrong, but based on the production and the things we've paid for thus far, I don't see how you couldn't run it in a profitable way.
Obviously, we're giving away 100 times as much for two divisions.
But, man, if they had even upped it to 20k, you know what I mean?
Let some token gesture, like if we're going from a basketball court with a hundred people in there to selling out team mobile.
Like if there's room for a fireworks show, if there's room for dramas, I feel like there should be some room in the budget for the athlete pay.
[44:01] To the crease.
No that's a good argument and hopefully by forcing by this you guys will like inspire them.
And the argument is about making stars like it's true it's true it's true obviously get a huge platform but you could win and not become a star.
You know if I know plenty of guys well not plenty of guys but I know a few people that have won ADCC but really like.
No one knows who they are.
Yeah that, that's crazy for me.
It's all go to the seminon, it'll sell out just because of just fucking gay jokes and stupid jokes all the time.
And I'll see real champions that can't sell out a seminon.
So if we can make an event that those champions can make some real money and I'd be super happy.
Well, I think you're also your popularity is increased because people know that you coach Volkanovsky and you work with MMA athletes before.
Do you plan on still doing that?
For sure, yeah, for sure.
Love Volkanovsky always be there for him anytime.
I mean, obviously MMA's got a lot of crazy individuals in there, but like to give up the time to work with the correct athletes, [45:00] I will always have time for some of the real good guys out there like obviously easy awesome I'd always make time for Izzy Jack Della from Perth Like guys like that just super cool guys.
I'd always find time to help him.
Yeah Jack Della What a big when he got over Gilbert Man, I still moves off him.
I remember when he went in the contender series He hit like a monkey comey reversal in the first round of the contender series fight And I was blown away by his grappling and I've been watching it since and he's reverse with Gilbert Burns.
It's crazy.
I've trained with him and I'm just like I still move from him.
Like he's man.
He's so good at grappling.
Yeah, he's a very good at striking too.
He's in my opinion, he's like one of the best in the sport at mixing up shots from the body to the head.
Because so many fighters for whatever reason are head hunters.
And because you can not go out with one shot, but Jack is so good at mixing shots up to the body and to the head.
He just breaks guys down.
Yeah, it's amazing, scary guy.
I was lucky actually, because before the Tuporiify, we were able to sort of link up.
[46:00] So it was like he came out to Willem Gong and trained, Izzy came out at the same time so I got to watch Jack Deller and Izzy mixed it up and then trained with folks and for me even as MMA fan it's like I have to pinch myself sometimes and be like wow that's amazing.
He's just like putting on this thing when I'm talking to these guys about superfights it's the dream as just a grappling fan I'm just thinking oh what could we do who could we convince into this event?
You know, like just from a pure fan perspective, it is pretty fun No, I'm sure it's it's gonna be interesting to see whether or not this can work Because a lot of people have like looked at the UFC model and said hey athletes should be getting paid more money And so they put on these events and none of them are profitable I mean maybe Bellator was and they sold Bellator and then there's the PFL.
I don't know how they do financially, but they have the same sort of similar thing.
They have a tournament.
At the end of the tournament, the guy wins a million dollars.
But my point is, right, is like, if you're an Olympic champion or if you're a UFC champion, it has so much prestige that every single person in the world knows what it is.
It has this intrinsic value.
Yeah.
If you say you're an IBGF champion or an ADCC champion, [47:08] a very small percentage of population know that.
So it's like, that's a case in point we've put on a tournament with much more money.
Everyone jumpships, because they know that's money whereas obviously Olympic gold medal, that's timeless.
That's crosses all sports, you know, that crosses into culture.
How many guys are jumping ship?
I mean, I'll tell you afterwards, but...
So is it public that they're jumping ship or are they not talking about it?
Well, we got 16 spots spots in under and over and I'm navigating through who wants to be in there.
You know, 16 spots spots each so 32 total.
So I'm trying to navigate to the best guys we can get and it's like everyone wants in, you know?
Really, so no one's worried about the repercussions or the blowback from ADCC?
Now, because I think they see it as well, I could get the money to show.
[48:01] Like I mean, so the TACA brothers, local Texas guys, some of the nicest kids ever, you know, and they were the first ones to reach out to me.
They wanted the trials.
It's been 80 CCs been their dream their entire life and they just hit me up because no one believes anything I say unfortunately.
It's like you make too many jokes every once in a while.
He's full of shit.
But these guys were like, man, is this real?
And I was like, yeah, it's real.
And they're like, well, even if I have to deal with the consequences, even if I have to go back and win the trials to qualify again, I want to show the million to take, and then I don't even talk about themselves.
I want to take care of my family.
And I'm like, wow, that's a super cool motivation to do this.
They're willing to risk it because they'll fight their way back in.
Well, we'll see.
But I think best case scenario is that ADCC recognizes that there's competition and they have to raise up the amount of money to get the athletes.
Maybe it'll just elevate the profile of the sport enough so that's profitable still.
Yeah, it's a good experiment.
[49:00] Press stage versus...
But why do it the same weekend as them?
Well, the athletes to make a stand, you know, are they together?
Or, you know, what is the motivation here for these guys?
Yeah, for the money's the motivation.
Money is a shot.
It's sort of making a stand, but it's making a stand.
Money is more important in this organization that's propped up the sport for 20 plus years.
Well, there's other athletes that say a million dollars is easy to make.
You know, yeah, you mean that?
It's easy for Gordon.
I mean, Gordon makes a lot of money.
I mean, Gordon makes a lot of money through the structural notes.
Oh, it's just from dominating for all these years.
But again, like a million for most guys, like I mean, you grow up in Brazil.
You know, you like millions, not easy to make by any means like especially like the instructional market is predominantly English speaking people They're the ones that are gonna pay the highest price so it's like us that speak English Have a huge advantage in that area like even me personally just for having an accent.
I'm a little Americans like wow He's fucking smarter.
That's why we use people like you for infomercials.
Yeah, exactly.
They take it I mean little mop John Denny you throw a kiwi accent on it.
Yeah [50:07] He's obviously smart guy, but that adds points for sure.
Are you still close to him?
Do you talk to him?
No, we don't talk.
So he's upset about this.
I don't know.
I've run into him a few times with shake hands, but you know he's general demeanor.
You don't really know, like, you know?
Yeah.
I look back See, there's nothing I've come in.
But I held him hard a few buddies in New York, you know, some missing women.
But we had a tight bond.
He's a unique character.
I mean, he seems like a guy from a fucking movie.
Like, he doesn't even seem like a real guy.
You know, some professor of philosophy, a Columbia, who becomes obsessed with Jiu-Jitsu, sleeps on the mats, teaches everybody, and forces everybody to train 365 days a year.
Yeah, that's an interesting fellow.
What was it like doing that, like the 365 days a year?
I mean, I wouldn't do it.
You know, I would be like, well, it's taking a day off.
Let me have a day to relax.
I wouldn't necessarily do it.
[51:00] I mean, it was a lot of training though.
He can't like, he wanted it to be your life, you know, like, and obviously it should be, but a lot of pressure, a lot of pressure to be a part of that team.
Did you talk to him about the philosophy behind those decisions?
I mean, we had a lot of discussions, I think, like we were actually really close because I'm from, like he's New Zealand, I'm a straight, I'm from his part of the world.
So a lot of the time Australians visit, he actually has a tight connection with them because we have a lot of things we can relate on.
So we, I mean, we talk all the time.
I'd probably, unfortunately, probably me and Nicky Ryan were two of the ones he was closest to before the team split.
Hmm.
And when you guys were training there, how beneficial is it having a guy like him around?
Super beneficial and also not just because of who he is and how smart he is, but like he basically approached it like an MMA coach.
You know, like MMA coach is always watching.
He's always guiding your training.
Most you do to coaches are participating.
They teach you a few moves.
They roll with everyone.
So to have a guy that approaches it like an MMA coach where he approaches it with that level of professionalism [52:06] Watching making adjustments.
I think even something as simple as that is a huge benefit Yeah, I think so too also a guy who's Physically impaired where he can't compete, but he has so much passion for it that he pours it all into the athletes Yeah, and I think what made him so brilliant as well is obviously his college and university.
He knows how to study, he knows how to take notes on everything, he knows how to teach.
You put him in Hens or Gracie's in New York for 20 years when it was the hub of MMA and grappling.
Guys like Hodja Gracie are passing through all the time.
He's basically in this position where he can just watch, train with all these guys, pick up all these details and have it locked and loaded, read it, and teach in a perfect way.
Like obviously his game's heavily inspired by Marcelo Garcia.
You know that he just takes the really useful things and can articulate it in a way that's [53:03] better than most of the people in the sport before.
So I think there's all these factors that have made him who he is and why he's so successful.
How much of a factor is this, the constant training, the training of 365 days?
You're like, how do you balance the burnout with the discipline?
Like, how do you, like, because I think inspiration is almost enthusiasm and inspiration are almost, I think discipline is more important for sure, but there are factors that can't be ignored because when an athlete loses inspiration and loses enthusiasm, they just don't have the mental drive to push through like very difficult situations.
You know what I'm saying?
Like you just lose the steam, you lose the engine.
I mean I don't think you should do 365 a year.
You know like I think you should peak for events, have a period of time afterwards where you slow down.
[54:00] And then when you're not preparing for an event, you're studying technique.
When you get closer to an event, you're studying technique, when you get closer to an event, you're refining those particular techniques and skills for that particular event's rule set or opponent or whatever, and we should like go up and down and like, I like it when you have an event, whether you win or lose, you don't train too much after and you have this period where you miss training, and you're like pulled back into it.
So I do, and I think, I mean, even like, obviously Gordon's had four sprages with healthy issues, but like as long as I've known him, and we trained together, like there would be time periods where he wouldn't be at training for a week or two.
You know, so it's like, I think it's like a myth we should all strive for, but everyone should be entitled to some time off.
Did you ever talk to John about that?
I mean, I would just take a day off every week, but luckily, I think he had some love for the Australians.
Let me get away with some things.
He wouldn't let other people do.
So I mean, I would be chilling, you know?
Does he enforce that?
Like the 365 days a week?
I mean, I don't know if there's a real strong enforcement, but there's like a unspoken, he'd better be there, you know, like, but I don't who knows what it's like now obviously he's moved to Austin.
My memory is probably phasier, [55:08] pretty forgot some things but yeah obviously I'm super appreciative that I had.
It was a part of that team but I mean I was with like Lockling, I'm lucky.
I moved to Melbourne, it was with Lockling Jarls for a few years, I had a massive splash at ADCC 2019 and then I was with John.
So like I've been around some good coaches, you know, so I think I like your position to spite coming from Australia.
Not as lucky as others.
Like it would have been amazing to be like a Nicky Ryan born right next to New York and go to train with someone with the people in that team or have that coaches.
But again, like we're all not that lucky.
I didn't even train with a black belt.
I was already a purple belt.
So it's like we were really yeah We were one exposed cuz I'm from Australia I probably came up with a time period in my city that was more like an older time in the US where black belts were like whoa Never met one.
What year did you start training?
Oh Probably [56:00] 17 years ago now and even back then there weren't many black belts around?
No, when I started training, I just trained with my cousin and he was like a four-stripe white belt.
There was like two people on the mats.
There was nothing I trained twice a week.
I didn't train properly for a long time.
You trained twice a week?
Yeah, I was just like, I didn't even think, I didn't even know then I was just flipping burgers at Burger King basically.
Then I did a psychology degree, just a bachelor's, some bouts.
Like I had to work jobs, study end-duty, so these are souls today that get it just trained.
I'm so envious of them, you know?
Like it's just the sport, again, the sport's growing that much with the sponsorship deals and stuff.
So back then, how did you learn technique?
Man, I had Eddie, like he's the funny thing.
I had Eddie Brava's Monster in the Rubbergaard book.
That came to me at a very influential time where I read the chapter about weed.
I was like, fuck it, maybe I should start smoking weed.
So like, I was like, thinking I'm going to learn some techniques and then I'm smoking weed all the time.
[57:06] Yeah, that doesn't work for everybody.
It's interesting the wheat thing, because some people think it makes you lazy.
And I think you're just lazy.
I think if we'd make you lazy, you're lazy.
I just, I don't, I don't, it makes me think about the consequence.
Like the idea of paranoia, like people talk about weed paranoia, I think it's like a hyper awareness.
And you know, Eddie once said this to me, like if your life is shit and you smoke weed, it's gonna feel terrible.
But if your life is great and you smoke weed, you're gonna feel good.
Like if you got all, you don't have any problems in your life, you know, if you're doing things you're dealing with, if you've dealt with your problems and you're just than weed's good for you.
But weed has never made me lazy.
It's the opposite.
I smoke weed.
I always feel like, don't be lazy.
Good, good, good, good things to do.
You don't want these things fucking with you.
You don't want these things hanging over your head.
Like that hyper awareness, it's like part of my work ethic.
You know, like the like oversight.
[58:00] Like someone is looking over me all the time, making sure I can't lie to myself or to other people.
Like I have to do the things I'm actually supposed to do.
That's my feeling about it.
Well, I mean, I read his book and I was like 17 smoking bongs driving a training in the car, having pre-workout getting ready to go to war, you know, like that's basically, they have floats that out on me.
But it was good.
I think roll it, like rolling high keeps you fluent, keeps you, I wouldn't do all the time.
Sometimes I meet guys that are so high that I've just smashed them for a round but they don't want to think but they're so fascinated by that, like the perceptions of sometimes.
I think that's possible, true.
That's too.
But I've always felt like I was like 10%'s, it was quite a few things.
You could try a couple beers.
I'm scared.
Beers don't help me.
Like, when I play pool, if I play pool high, I play way better.
If I play pool drunk, I'm not good.
Oh, really?
Yeah, I think with me, alcohol just makes me not pay attention to shit.
Alcohol for me is like, ah!
I'm not, I'm not a focused person if I'm drinking.
I need that for sport that gives me a false sense of confidence.
[59:05] You know, that's useful.
Maybe one or two beers with drunk.
Have you ever competed drunk?
I've felt it for sure, you know?
Cigina, be actually usually a focused soda or something.
So if a fan sees, I'm not soda water man.
And you've done that many times were you just to take the edge off?
Five, six times.
I mean, I was, I had a couple drinks before the lavado match because we had the hell ahead bottle back there.
I was like, hey, come on, tell us some sponsorship money, you know?
I picked that up, but sadly not.
Well, isn't how we're headed home by Dana?
Doesn't Dana?
Yeah, that was the thing.
I was sneak us a bottle back in, put it in the vlog.
Um, when you were training and you were learning from books, like, did you have any videos that you studied?
Was it like, how did you learn techniques other than just books?
I mean, we, I'm trying to make books I had, man.
I had like a PJ Penn's book, Eddie Bravis book, like the actual textbooks.
[1:00:01] And then I started buying the instruction.
I was like I had Caraporation as judo for MMA.
I had Ryan Hulls.
He really changed the game with instruction was in the early days.
So like stealing Liz moves and then I learned about the world of torrent sites and I started illegally acquiring every instruction I could and then we try to self-learn on the mats studying these and then drilling the moves.
That's really so I was really self-taught up until Purple Bell, really just focused on using instructions.
And then where'd you go for Purple Bell?
Then I moved to Melbourne with Lockland Jaws, and basically it was like two and a half years then, two and a half years with John.
That's a crazy little amount of time.
Yeah, I didn't expect, that's the thing a lot of people obviously they just notice when you achieve something You know, I mean so like I trained by myself a long time before I was able to join any big teams What do you think attributed to your success?
I think I mean, I honestly I don't know I put in the work in the early days for sure and then studying studying studying and then just being at the forefront of [1:01:03] the leg lock sort of song you know like I got in the right time.
I saw techniques in the G like the Birren Bolo that were just a new technique that would wipe the floor with experience black belts.
You could use it on people you had no business beating.
Those are the techniques I wanted and I saw the Danahau guys use heel hooks and I was like man if I as a purple belt can submit some black belts I might as fuck it and that's that's the way I gotta go and so how did you wind up training with John and the Well, I mean I would Joe's obviously Australia's far away hard for us to me to keep doing that 16 hour journey back and forth I wanted to stay in America, so I just started doing my camp set That was the best place to do it.
It was like a hundred people in the room doing nogy.
Obviously it had that DDS squad there that was awesome Dana her focus at that time that really weren't too many places in the world that would take nogy is seriously as those guys How bad was the staff infections going around down there?
I got staff every month every month there I'm remember how the fuck is that possible?
[1:02:05] I go, I got it under my eye one time and the guy was the doctor was like, well, that's your eye fucked.
I was like, oh, it's reassuring.
Hey, thank you.
But yeah, every month I was on, I remember I used to go trips to Mexico to get some medicine.
So I'd go down there by a bunch of doxy cycling, by like 90 tablets of it.
I just sit on it, keep tagging them.
Used to buy my steroids down in Mexico too.
But isn't that, that's probably what fuck Gordon stomach up.
The steroids?
No, I mean the, the, the, and I don't think the steroids.
Yeah, probably, probably everything.
Who knows, yeah.
The, the anybody, it's definitely not good for you.
But when you're on antibiotics, he was on antibiotics for a year straight.
Which first of all is crazy because the amount of discipline it takes to train that much while you're on antibiotics.
Where people don't know, antibiotics wreck your cardio.
Just wreck your physical strength, wreck your vitality.
I got staff once and I remember it took antibiotics and I don't think I'd ever taken antibiotics [1:03:00] before while I was training.
And when I was recovering from staff, I was like like this is nuts.
I feel like I'm 50%.
You're at 50%.
Like when Luke Rock called beat Chris Wydeman he was on antibiotics.
I mean I've taken a lot during matches.
I've taken a lot I've been on it all the time.
You know lost to matches.
You're talking Rex you though right?
Yeah I'd bad stuff in my leg like even during that Phillip Brod match.
I remember I submitted him and then he had stuff a few days later, I was like, cut you to aesmate.
But that was bad when the ductile had to cut that open and like squeeze it out, that was horrible.
But I think the more you take anybody to less affect they have on you.
So now I get stuff, shower straight off to it.
Just regular soap?
Right, yeah, I think we have some branded soap in there, but like I think it's just important.
Like I mean, we're doing with some people that don't even have a shower.
That's crazy.
Yeah, someone that I have a quick rinse get out of there.
I would see guys do that when they would just go home sweaty.
I'm like, you're out of your fucking mind.
Like, you're allowing that stuff to breed on your skin.
While you're in your car, it's hot out.
[1:04:08] That was Puerto Rico.
We had no showers at the gym.
Oh, God.
So we'd have a 60 minute drive home off to each class without having a shower.
Oh, that's insane.
Look over the car, Fabric smell.
But was the Puerto Rico gym, wasn't that exposed to sunlight at least?
Wasn't the mat exposed to sunlight?
Not enough, but you know what?
Cause I get in the ocean every day, I think maybe that helped a lot.
Oh, that probably helps a lot.
A lot of sunshine down there too.
Yeah, that probably helps a lot.
Sunlight on the mats apparently is a great thing.
Like if you could open up garage doors and have sunlight on the mats, apparently that kills a lot of things.
Yeah, for sure.
I also think sometimes like the overtrain.
Like your immune system's just down because maybe you're stressed for sleeping.
Yeah for sure.
You're really stressed about a match.
A lot of people get stuff right on a match because they push the training up.
You do the anxiety of the match.
They're thinking about it misses with their sleep and then they're just vulnerable to it.
When you were training, did you ever monitor your heart rate, check your heart rate in the morning, make sure you're not overtraining.
You know what I thought about doing that, [1:05:06] stuff to H-I-V stuff.
That's what I thought about.
I looked up one of the machines at the time and I was like, fuck, that's expensive, eh?
I mean, now I don't want to do anything.
I get my blood pressure checked, it's concerning, you know?
I almost failed the last two medicals because the Possumance digits.
It's not a man.
Why would your blood pressure be so high?
Good question.
I probably too much caffeine Think that's it.
I don't know.
We should find out but I'm busy traveling all the time.
I should look into it.
You don't know what's wrong No, freak me out my blood pressure was high now you're freaking me out We'll test it out I mean, I just feel like I've got a survive for for this shit.
I understand, but you're relying on your body.
That's your business.
Your business is your body.
I just thought it's a faulty test.
You know what I'm like?
Faulty test for blood pressure?
I think those things are 100%.
I'm like, the boss have still there, get a bigger bitch.
I don't think they're ever wrong with blood pressure.
I was making jokes with the doctor last time I competed in Dubai and I was making jokes [1:06:08] with him and he was just like not laughing at all.
He's like not having it a day.
The Mexican doctor for Cradi come by, loved it, but not the Dubai guy.
Oh, that's funny.
I faced that.
You know the guy in the UFC that finished Kevin Lee real quick?
He knocked him down, the knocked him down, guillotine them in a minute.
Oh the last guy.
Yeah, his last fight.
I was the last name.
Renat.
Renat.
Look how remember his name.
Right.
He was crazy though, man.
He did not want to tap.
Adam Buggetrag put him in a triangle.
He went to say that.
There it is.
Renat, how to say that?
Fuck a red-off.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
[1:07:00] Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck the the the the way in when I have to do the way in did they get angry with you does anyone know no luckily no one's got an angry at me but it's always a mistake I fucked up a few times it's hard those words are sometimes your mouth just doesn't work right you know it just doesn't come out right I fucked up Umar Nermagomedov's name once when I was after his fight I was like god damn it yeah it just came out like remember I, I got it in sight now.
It's hard.
Some of them, Zabit was the hardest.
Magomed Sharapov.
Zabit Magomed Sharapov.
That was the guy that I've been fuck, man.
I was just really bummed out when he stepped out, when he just decided enough's enough.
I think he's a doctor now.
Really?
I think so.
Find out what he's doing.
He's a beat Magomed Sharapov.
That guy was fucking good man.
He did some cool shit.
Ooh, he did some wild shit.
He was so interesting because he was from Dagestan but he fought like a, you know, like almost like a karate fighter.
Yeah, crazy kicks.
Yeah, wild kicks man and he could do anything.
I mean, crazy trips too.
He would do that trip.
Oh yeah, [1:08:06] that he sort of led the way with that.
Now, folks does a lot of guys try to do that one.
Yeah, he was very good at that one particular trip.
He's just so clever.
So clever and creative and such an interesting fighter to watch.
I was a bummed out man like really bummed out when that guy retired.
I was like, shit.
That's why I love traveling around finding these guys like these mysterious guys like I was in Japan I could have dinner with Gankie Suda.
I love that dude.
That's the coolest guy ever.
Gankie Suda was like a politician now And then he's done it.
Oh remember when you used to carry around that flag with all the all the we are all I'm we are all one.
What a beautiful guy.
So cool man.
Like when a fight and then hold this up like we are all one.
And then he just retired to pursue becoming a pop star and now he's a politician.
He was a pop star?
Yeah he owns restaurants.
Yeah.
Have you seen his dancing videos?
No.
What's a cool one?
Imagine a guy who fights that could probably dance like a motherfucker.
[1:09:00] Crazy dancing.
G Daisy Dancing, Gengkisudo 1, I forget the name of a crate.
Like dancing montage singing does it all.
No shit.
Wow.
I'm not surprised.
He's a creative guy.
He was creative as a fighter too.
Very interesting fighter to watch.
He retired and like, he became a pop star to grow in popularity.
Like even fighting wasn't his focus.
He just wanted to leverage fighting and becoming a pop star to help him get into politics to help people.
He really just wants to help people.
So those were side gigs to get him to wear his today where he can use his political influence to help people in Japan.
Wow.
That is amazing.
Does he look at him?
Is this him dancing?
Oh yeah.
I guess get first pitch with all his dudes behind them.
Oh, a terrible pitch.
Yeah, software.
Wow.
That's pretty cool.
He had some crazy, man.
He back in that West Side grappling tournament, he liked was hitting some moves back then.
[1:10:00] Oh, yeah, man.
Innovative today.
Yeah, wild, explosive, interesting guy.
Just very interesting.
I mean, that's the kind of thing about the sport that's so cool is that you get these human beings that are just exceptional human beings that decide to challenge themselves.
And one of the most difficult things a person can do.
Just like Volcanoesky, like you do a very interesting guy.
Because like it takes extreme character and will and discipline to become Alexander Volkhenowski the greatest featherweight of all time.
I mean it takes a lot to be that person.
And you learn a lot just by being around those people.
You learn about human potential.
I mean I even learn grappling from these guys.
You know people think I show up and I'm just helping them.
Those guys are so talented.
Like I still shit from them as well.
You know just people think I show up and I'm just helping them.
Like, those guys are so talented.
Like, I still shit from them as well.
You know, just, I don't know how they do it.
Oh, Vox does it all.
But if you learn from Vox.
I mean, just the way, like, I really still a lot from MMA fighters and how they turtle and get up from that.
Mm.
A lot of rappers keeps getting up and they like what is happening?
Like Derek Lewis?
Yeah, they just get up.
I love that.
[1:11:05] I stole that for an instructioner name, just stand up.
And I was like, Derek Lewis inspired.
No, you did do that, right?
You did make a whole instructional about getting up.
Yeah.
Is it because some guys get just too captured with the idea of engaging and grappling and not getting up?
Yeah, well well like if a guy gets his Godpastage, you just look to get God back, whereas sometimes it's good to expose your back and just stand up and reset.
Whereas like a lot of you just took guys are so scared to expose their back, they refuse to ever do it.
So it's like when an MMA guy does it, they don't know how to deal with it.
And it's good at dealing with it.
It's interesting.
Interesting.
Yeah.
Because you don't think about it.
Yeah.
Well, it's always like when you have new variables, new variables, new variables into any sort of fighting discipline.
Like, oh, this is a new thing that I didn't consider.
Yeah, I love that.
That's why I love that.
You just can be more complicated.
MMA is a bit more simple.
So it's like, [1:12:02] we can make all these instructions and you did so about all these weird positions like octopus, garden stuff, because you can be endlessly creative, right?
And MMA, the consequences are so strong.
Right.
Right.
It's a much simpler game.
It doesn't mean it's easier.
There's just less things you can do.
Well, that's what's interesting is that guys in MMA in general aren't as good at submissions because they have all these other disciplines to consider.
It's like when I went from Taikwondo to kickboxing, one of the things that I realized, oh, when people are punching you in the face, there's a lot of stuff you can't do.
But if people aren't punching you in the face, damn you get good at kicking.
And so these guys who are used to getting punched in the face, there's stuff that they don't have the dexterity, they don't have the ability to do, and I don't know if you develop that, to the same extent.
Like when you see guys like Wonder Boy, who started out with Karate, like that guy can do stuff with his legs that the average person can't do, you know, or Yaya, Yaya Rodriguez.
[1:13:02] This one's crazy.
Oh my god, that guy.
He's on my favorite guy's to watch, because this fucking kicks are crazy.
They just come from everywhere.
Who's he fighting next?
That's a good question.
Did he just fight?
Was Otagra's last fight?
I believe was that his last fight?
Let's say it pull up, yeah, yeah, Rodriguez.
But was just fine at what yaya yaya Rodriguez's next fight is.
I don't know if they've announced it.
I haven't heard anything.
Yeah, it's funny when you're in the, when you, friends with a bunch of them, they fight it sometimes they let you know they'll fight.
It's not been announced.
You'll have fuck up, I'd better not say.
Right.
Better not drop the news, get in trouble.
Yeah, that happens all the time.
Yeah, I fuck up Nothing booked.
Was it a Tiger's last one?
Yes.
Yeah.
So he lost our Tiger.
And before that Volcanowski, Volcanowski beat his ass.
That was a prime Volcanowski display.
Yeah, that was crazy.
That man, yeah, he's just, he's just so strong.
[1:14:02] He's like a maller.
Yeah, muscle in the clinch.
And we worked on a bunch of stuff because of how dangerous your A is guard is.
Like he's got a dangerous guard and we had to overcome the fact that like, if you leave space against him, he throws elbows that cut you.
So we had to navigate those areas and really it was good.
Like a training box for a guy like, yeah, he is awesome because when he's on bottom there's like a big contingent of Mexican MMA fighters have really dangerous guards.
Diego Lopez trains out, I think he's from Manaus originally but he trains a bunch of guys there and just aggressive bottom game where if you leave space sectoral bows and if you're close they're trying to set up high guards and submissions so it's like we really had to prepare for how dangerous he is there.
He's one of the front runners in my opinion Diego look first of all how the fuck does that guy make 145?
Shredded yet.
He's just new.
Everyone.
Hey, he's so dangerous man.
You know who do you fight super sedic?
You said you stopped him in the first round?
Yeah, but before that fight I was telling everybody I was like I think this guy's the guy.
I think he's the next guy to emerge.
[1:15:06] I wonder who he's booked against.
I remember his first fight was like short notice against Mozvar.
Yeah, he was.
I thought he won.
It was very close and Mozvar is undefeated in one of the best guys in the division.
But Diego's scary.
It's not just that he's good, he's fucking scary.
He's intense.
From every guy, like submissions, not getting.
Submissions, knockouts, and his fucking standup is horrific.
Yeah, yeah, you're just climb out Everest.
Jesus Christ, yeah, you're.
That's the most recent thing I could stop.
Fucking relax, bro.
He's so tough.
He doesn't even look like he's fucking wearing anything.
He's got warm.
He's got bed watching.
Look at he's got a fucking giant pack on, walking around, rocking.
That's a good way to develop some cardio.
I'll tell you that.
It looks fine, but I definitely want someone else to hold the bag, hey.
No, that's how you get the cardio.
You have to carry the bag on your back.
That's all I do.
He can't.
He can't.
Looks fun.
I hope you have the mountain, those guys.
Yeah, the Sherpas, yeah, but I think he's trying to get fit.
[1:16:06] I think that's the whole idea.
But I think it's interesting when a guy like that is just so good at one area, which is kicking and very good off his back submission, but then struggles in a couple other areas.
He's almost there.
He's like right there at the tipi top, but not quite at the level of the guys that are beating him.
Just, but like remember when he lost to Frankie, came back from that and just become a much better fighter, much better fighter.
Just people can't even out a couple of times.
He almost reinvented himself, like surprised people, you know?
That happens so often.
Like people counted out Max Holloway.
You know, Max Holloway, the last fight with Volk, Volk dominated and Max just said, hey, that was his night.
He had a great night.
And that is a fact of fighting too.
Like sometimes a guy will clip you in the first round and you're kind of not the same.
And he, but if you didn't clip you, maybe you would have won.
Like maybe, you know, maybe if you like, just engage, you max all the way, gets caught with that jump spinning back kick to the nose [1:17:06] at the end of the first try.
Shattered his nose.
That's a big factor.
Big factor.
Doesn't land that.
Who knows?
Fight was a fucking amazing fight still, even with that shattered nose.
Crazy.
I was watching that.
I was into bio-affercurity combat and I was watching staff at the buffet at the hotel.
I was like, everyone will go on crazy.
I'll put the laptop down, eat normal, and we're gonna have to ask the fucking craziest fight ever.
It was the craziest fight ever.
And the last 10 seconds when Max points to the floor, a fight that he's winning four rounds to one, crazy to just call the guy out.
We're gonna do that in jiu-jitsu, like give each other a leg, let's fucking go.
I don't think that's the same.
We just both get broken.
Well that's an interesting thing about the EBI rules.
How do you like those rules?
The rules where, when it goes to overtime, you start either on a person's back or you start from what they call spiderweb, which is psychotrolic, trying to get an arm.
I mean, I like anything creative like that that's gonna force people to train those different areas.
But the majority of the sport, [1:18:06] especially old school guys don't like it, it's very difficult to get them to compete under those roles.
Me personally, I like any role set I can be the guy in.
So I had Philippe Penematch and the USC Fire Pass guys were like, oh, what role set should we do?
And I was like, I think rules have strategically Against particular opponents, but you know like I like Kyle Bams have planted guy one of the best over tongue guys in the world Like if if I had a match with him I'd be like, huh?
We'll just do a regular rules match, you know, right?
So like it's it's sort of strategy base Right based on the opponent's strengths like even Niki wrote against Gordon like they went to OT Mm-hmm, and it was fucking close, you know, and it's like that is very stressful.
It's exciting.
It's exciting.
But if guys get submitted in those areas, sometimes people don't consider it real even though it is, you know, they're like lots of overtime victory.
You didn't really submit it, but you did.
Right.
When Nikki grabbed that foot.
Yeah, just fucking ripped that eye.
I mean, how bad is his leg fucked up still?
[1:19:06] You gotta think like that's doing some damage.
I just think like what was hilarious about that is like he was meant, got his meant to face Vinnie Magalesh and no disrespect to Vinnie Vittys just had a later stage of his career, right?
Vinnie when he was young was a monster.
It was incredible.
And then it's like two days before they flipped the script and you got Niki wrote.
And you know what I mean?
And I just can just pitch a him just getting his foot broken, being like, what the fuck are you?
What the fuck just happened?
You know?
When I watched it, I was like, Jesus Christ, that is a lot of Niki is such a gorilla.
It was loud.
It was loud.
You heard this now, Bay.
Sometimes though you get popped and it's so fast that it's the damage is already done and you're just like, well it's already injured, let's keep it on, you know?
Right.
But it's not obviously some of the submissions are holding tension points slowly breaking, but the ones that are quick.
Sometimes guys don't tap because it's like you didn't even have time to process it.
Well, what about the one with you and Vinny?
Where you broke his leg.
That was disgusting.
Yeah, that still hones me.
[1:20:05] Hey, but yeah, I don't know what he did.
How the fuck did he keep going?
Why did he keep going?
But that's just, you gotta be careful what shit talk he say.
Like, I try to be careful with what I say.
I'm never gonna be like leg locks don't work.
Cause he got put in a leg lock in 20 seconds and it's like, now you committed to the bit, you know?
Was he saying leg locks don't work?
Yeah, his leg locks don't work.
And then his leg exploded, and I'm like, that's such a crazy thing to say, leg locks don't work.
It's because he had matches with Gary and Gordon, and they got some pops on him, but he hadn't submitted.
So maybe they laid the groundwork for me, but I think it spiro fracture of his fibula.
Oh, he's got ankle, yeah, disturbing.
Oh.
That was where I was like, well, I wouldn't let that happen for a million.
I don't know how much child sun and pain you even, it must be more than me.
I just think it's as pride, you know, just didn't want to out.
Yeah, the fact that he kept going after the leg snapped, that was loud.
[1:21:02] That was, yeah, that was that.
That was yeah that was that and the second one I saw the bone poking into the skin like if I'd kept going it would have probably like he's whatever bone fragment.
I would have come out yeah.
I was nervous I was like bro just gotta wait for over time like you just didn't want to tap but then the ref caught it because his leg was dangling.
I did it I was the first who hooked and then the second one I baited him where I pretend like I was going for his other leg so he gave me the bad one again but He was laughing as he was like fuck I couldn't have you broke break both my legs That's my multi-part.
Oh My god, so you knew it was already broken you well he so My foot hit the ground at the exact second his leg snapped enough So for a second like I felt a little bit of crunching, but I didn't hear it.
Everyone else in the room heard it.
And then he gets out of it and I was just like, well, this is fucking guys flexible way.
And then he says to me, he goes, I think he broke my leg.
Oh, no, he said it in the [1:22:01] middle of the man.
Yeah, we stopped talking and I'm just like, what's happening here?
Right, how strange.
And I was like, well, you want to keep going?
All right.
And he gave, like I ended up back with the same leg.
Oh, good.
And it was just no resistance.
His ankle just did a full, just kept on.
See if you can find that, Jamie.
That's this light right away?
You making me do this.
Yeah, very pleased tap.
You give him a trauma.
I remember watching it with this look on my face.
Oh, don't fucking.
I just felt bad for him, cause he's a fucking good guy.
And I was just like, man, did you not tap cause you Honestly, I don't know, but he came back and competed against Mason Fowler like maybe four, five months later.
That's crazy.
And it's just like, you're getting some mileage on the body there bro, it's like, yeah, is it worth it?
I mean, better than the Tibia, I guess.
[1:23:02] The fibula, I cracked my fibula before.
It's not as bad, it's a small bone.
You know, and they can just let it fix.
You know, let it heal up once they screw it together.
Oh, and let it break, I'm like, uh-oh.
It's a truck, yeah.
The noise is bad.
I've broken a few legs and I'm just like, right.
So here it is.
Is this before?
The's the first ones with the brakes at the start of match.
So he's legs already broken here.
So you go to like 20 seconds.
Yeah, that right there.
So we hit like a 50-50 in there, and you hear it.
You might wanna hear that knee down and pull this leg out.
See, he's actually in a little bit deep.
Ah!
Oh, dude!
Yeah, so look at this.
Oh dude, you hear it.
Look at his foot.
Look where his foot is.
And then he tries to get me.
Oh my.
I let go of it because I was like.
I do not know how he got out of the hotel.
He can't let his leg break and then me just out.
For the rubber guard, I guess we got rubber knee.
[1:24:01] He's huge here too.
That was one of Craig's best positions and he got to it with it.
Dude, the sound is so awful.
The sound of broken bones, I've never, I've never get it like Chris Wideman when he fought Uriah Hall.
Oh, that's nice.
It was like full power and Uriah checked it and he's seen snap.
He hear the snap and he sees his leg bend over like, oh.
that's where it's like, it's crazy how people react to that shit where Conor McGregor is still just talking shit.
That's fucking hilarious to me.
I'm just like, he's such a psychopath.
He never missed a moment.
He didn't even have the pain killing whistle yet, but he was ready for some shit again.
Did you see him partying like a night or two ago?
You reckon real?
I mean, it doesn't mean he's drinking.
He's vibing.
He's having his wife.
He's got a shirt off because he's having a good time.
I mean, it looked like he wasn't sober, but he could just be a fucking maniac.
It's wine games though, maybe.
It could be that.
Yeah.
That's why I do with Lovato.
I was kept talking about [1:25:00] how his potty know the time and I was, But I was like, maybe it's gonna mess with, you know what I mean?
Right, right, right.
Here's Connor, and he's kissing his wife.
He's throwing, he took a shirt off.
He's getting crazy.
But I mean, he could just be enthusiastic.
I don't know.
I don't know.
It looks a little fucked up.
Listen, I saw a roadhouse, you ain't that good actor.
No.
Shane Gillis has an amazing bit about roadhouse.
You have to see it.
Oh really?
It's so fucking funny.
He's a legend day.
I want to get him involved in this.
I want to get some comedians coming to him, just shit talking, the grappling gloves, you know?
Oh, that's funny.
And hilarious.
We'd have who know some grappling.
Joey Diaz.
Joey Diaz would be amazing.
Surprising if he's on paper, I'd be thinking of be fucking...
Oh, he wouldn't do interviews, I don't think.
He wouldn't be good at that, but he'd be good at, like, commentary.
Get him in the booth.
Yeah, just get him talking shit.
Yeah.
I'll get people's names up.
I'll get him to corner me against Gabby.
He might do it.
You never know.
I ordered hegan in the Alba Dhabi.
Oh, you did 2003.
He didn't have anybody with him.
Oh, it's a Joe Hogan [1:26:08] He said you think that just tell me when the time because like hegan, you know, had been training that much Wasn't the best of shape just let me know what time it was just yelling out with the time as yeah That's what I say sometimes I was about to have a like if I'm the slide.
let me know the time yeah let me know if you think I'm burning too much gas or I'm too relaxed and I'm like that's that's the key here right right haven't Joey Diaz in your corner would be fucking hysterical Alex Jones won't do it but I'm like oh that's a tough guy to get involved with the charities yeah foundation with my business partner Seth our foundation is called the Fair Fight Foundation and I'm just like it's probably not good to start it with fighting a woman, but it's a bold man.
Well, it's a fair fight though, she's so big.
I mean, she might not weigh you by, what do you walk around at?
205, she got a few pounds for me for sure.
At least 40.
Last night, we were video calling each other and we were both taking Aniv I popped a 50 and she popped a 25 us that you need both not to be me pussy [1:27:12] Like took some screenshots hey, I don't know if I'll release that's hilarious.
I'm yeah, I should talk I should talk to get the contracts on you know, you should have joy deas do commentary for that fight That would be the perfect fight for him to do commentary for yeah, just comment Yeah, cuz Joey does do just two.
He knows a little bit.
He definitely knows positions and he talks so much shit.
He's just so hilarious.
I'm gonna take it serious, but I am gonna come out in a what tank top smug and a cigarette probably, you know?
I'll put it on the corner of the mat and see if I'm gonna finish it before it finishes, you know?
Ah Wow.
Yeah, well having something like that would definitely be an added element of fun some fun the tournament Sirius obviously guys are going to kill each other and then a bit of a bit of entertainment, you know a bit of a Battle of the sexes I guess you could say Definitely that sort of A battle of the enhanced sexes [1:28:03] Yeah, who's more enhanced though?
Yeah, she is.
Yeah, for sure.
I got to know her stack.
I wish what I wanted to do was run an event where we drug tested, but it was anonymous.
And just for my own personal enjoyment, I just find out.
I want to see who's the levels are.
Who took the most of anything, you know?
Right.
See if there's any hollow testing in there or something?
It would be fun to see, like, because Jiu-Jitsu is an open steroid using event.
Have you heard of the enhanced games?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I was reading about that.
I'm having those guys on.
So the enhanced games is this, they're going to allow all the athletes to take performance enhancing drugs.
And the idea is like, we should have athletes perform to the best way, I mean, I'm putting words in their mouth, but that's scientifically possible.
And the best way scientifically possible is like, like here's a, for instance, like this Ryan Garcia fight, you know, Ryan Garcia, he beats Devin Haney, spectacular fashion, looks amazing, pops for Austrian, very low doses of Austrian, which are not going to affect him in terms of performance [1:29:07] enhancing ability during the fight itself.
I don't know how we took it or what he took it.
I know people have got an Osterine accident like Shogoshan O'Malley got it through tainted supplements.
They proved it.
It's more than once that's happened.
Yo-L.
Yeah, I sued.
Yo-L.
Yeah.
He won.
Yeah, which is, if you would think anybody would not be fucking natural, that guy.
How does he still look like he does?
He's the Cuban fucking athlete program.
That's how.
He's grappling.
He's taking a grappling match in Britain against a grappler, Owen Livecy.
So we'll see if we have a grappling takes it it's a good question to very good question anything you know i was one of the very best cuban wrestlers ever mean he's a fucking tank yes so what silver medal at the limps at a site that they're right yeah yeah i mean he's a monster man and and physically he's just such an imposing force [1:30:02] like luke rock hold said that it hurt and what would a Robert Whitaker said the same thing He said it hurts when you hit him So he's made out of metal probably hurts when he kisses you as well every knocks you out.
Yeah, that was rough That's a rough way to go.
Well, you know Luke likes to talk shit and you talk shit to that guy.
I know you I like he did this also dancing for the press conference was the best too, picking women out of the crowd.
You wanted to take your misses, you'd be like, fuck it and sit back down.
I know, exactly.
That guy's such a fucking animal.
I mean, I really wish he got into MMA earlier in his career.
It would have been amazing to see because I think when he entered the UFC, he was in his late 30s.
Yeah, how?
He's like, he's up in now.
He's 46 now.
He still looks amazing.
That's Randy Ketu.
Yeah, but like he doesn't look 46.
Like Randy looked like a strong 46 year old.
I need that human stack.
Yeah, what his stack is not, I mean, I've told this story before for people who have heard it.
I'm sorry, but one of the things that happened to Yoel when he got injured, he fought in the UFC and then they brought him to a doctor.
He had an orbital fracture and [1:31:06] Some other issues they brought him to the doctor and the doctor said to the UFC said where did you get this guy?
And they and he's like yeah, he's amazing right?
He goes no you understand it because I've never seen a human being like this before the tendons in his eyes are Three times larger than a normal person.
He said his orbital bow and his already healing So this guy's a freak how do I get to that level?
three times larger than a normal person.
He said his orbital bow and his already healing.
So this guy's a freak.
How do I get to that level?
I think you gotta be born in Cuba.
And that's the genetics I'm messing around.
And the shitty convicts genetics from Australia.
What?
I think it's, I just wonder what they do in Cuba for their athletes.
Do you know what I'm saying?
I mean, without casting any aspersions in terms of performance enhancing supplements.
Does anyone want me to find out?
Yeah.
Go there.
Ask them.
I don't know.
I don't know what they did.
But I mean, the guy's like Wolverine.
But he's also a genetic specimen.
I mean, there's only so much you could do with steroids.
I mean, that guy...
[1:32:01] I know.
I've tried.
You don't even live weights, which is so crazy.
You're taking steroids without lifting weights.
From time to time, you know, just a good lifting program.
If you pull up here and there.
Yeah, I don't think steroids are going to help you recover and train.
Yeah, it definitely helped your well-being, I think.
Yeah.
Well, if you're training 365, that's the argument, right?
If you're training 365 days a year, that's also the argument for like, Tour de France.
You know, I've heard it argued from people that really, or experts that you're actually healthier to take steroids and perform sedancing drugs to do Tour de France, then you are without it.
Because your body just can't recover without it.
It's just so grueling, it's such a brutal race.
It's a reason why so many of them are blood doping, so many of them are taking EPO into testosterone.
I always wanted to try EPO.
Actually, like, some people criticize me for saying I take steroids in YouTube, but the way I look at it is the kids, the next generation, they're gonna take it anyway.
I at least wanna put out my exact stack and I just wanna send it out as almost like, [1:33:07] it's like drugs, just say no, doesn't work.
It's like, I wanna let them know I'm taking a safe amount of deducted guidance and that it's not a mystery where they think in like I have to take one gram a week and all this stuff to compete at a high level.
So it's like a middle ground.
Obviously get criticized for it, but it's like the other option is they don't know what a high-level athlete's second and they fucking ruin their body taking crazy dosages.
Well, it would be interesting, like, what would Jiu Jitsu look like if steroids weren't legal?
I mean, one of the things we found out when you saw it came into the UFC, even though there was previous drug testing, it was really only during the weigh-ins.
Which is kind of just an intelligence test.
It's all it is.
When you look at Alster over him versus Brock Lesnar, the idea that either one of those motherfuckers is clean is crazy talk.
That's crazy talk, especially Alster.
Alster was, he fought, when he fought 205, when he fought, like back when he fought Chuck LaDelle, 205, and then look at him at 265.
He gained 60 pounds and he looks like a fucking superhero.
[1:34:07] Uber him, like those days, like when he won the K1 Grand Prix and when he won the beat rock, I had a heart and stuff.
Oh my God.
I love it when they said the old days what that was an intelligence test because many guys still failed that intelligence test.
Well you know what it is?
You know how it is, Like you're in gyms, you have gym bros that are coaching you.
They don't really know what the fuck they're talking about, but they say a lot of good big words.
And you go, I know that I was out of the past to test.
And you rely on these meat heads to try to pass the test.
You need a big to con day on the line.
Well, there's people that have everyone's clean.
I think there's probably some really, there's so much money involved in MMA now.
There's probably some really sophisticated scientists that are working with elite athletes and they're developing protocols that are either undetectable or they have a short lasting, [1:35:01] which is probably why you saw it wakes you up at six o'clock in the morning.
The know, the idea is like to catch you while it's still in your system.
If you have short acting stuff that's...
Yeah, look, a test propy and I do something like the water nice.
Yeah.
Like, weren't they doing that in baseball?
They were taking like testosterone gummies and the idea is that they metabolize so quickly that you get their effect of them, but then they're out of your system by the time you get tested.
I tried those, it tasted like shit, you know?
Well, I don't know if they didn't think, but I mean, it's fucking gummy with testosterone and how could it taste good?
Throw it out of the tongue.
What is a daze like?
Just bad, hey.
Like chemical?
Yeah, like it's just there a while.
I remember I was trying to get legal steroids in Australia when I was coming up And I just couldn't do it.
They just my doctor gave me the testosterone coming so I was like fuck this shit It's like I felt like I wouldn't work in Australia was what are the laws like?
I mean here any I think any GP can prescribe testoster in Australia You have to be like an endocrinologist.
They they added a layer to it and there it's hard to [1:36:05] To see an endocrinologist.
It's gonna give testosterone to a young healthy dude.
Guys back there would do sort of crazy shit.
They're not sleep for a couple days.
They beat off a bunch of times trying to crash the levels.
Go to the blood check.
Dr.
Zagato, your test is low.
Yeah.
Well, another thing, the problem with the test being low.
This is what they found when they they did it they had testosterone use exemptions in the UFC for a brief amount of time Few years and those are the V-torbal for years, you know and the problem is When a guy's done steroids this whole life has ended consistent is fucked up already So you go in there and they test your testosterone level and you're like wow your levels are super low Like you need testosterone like thank you But the reason why they're low is because you've been on steroids your whole life.
Yeah, your body doesn't make it anymore.
Yeah, I mean, you went, you look at V-Tor from the early days, like V-Tor in UFC 12 when he fought Scott Farozo and Trey Telegmin, he weighed like 200 pounds.
You know.
They used to call him V-Tor Gracie you right there Victor Gracie.
I was training at school.
Why'd they throw the C in there?
[1:37:06] I don't know it was okay.
Okay Victor.
Yeah, it was I don't know I don't understand it I don't know why they did that and I know that I think they were threatening to sue him if you use the Gracie name I think Someone's detective of that shit.
Yes.
I think it was Orion.
Orion was very Representing oning that.
Yeah, would you get that?
Some brand sanits me.
I like it.
Though it's dope shirt.
I should remember the name.
He was the fucking man, huh?
What's its name?
The shirt company?
I feel bad for him.
Oh, fuck it.
People find it.
Is it on the back?
Anywhere?
A little label?
Can't say anything.
Let's see a tag.
Label us.
What is it saying the bottom?
What was it there?
Is that the name?
What do we got?
What does the bottom say there?
OG says Hiction.
Hiction.
Oh man, I feel bad for him.
By the cool shot, onerin the OG.
Yeah, it's pretty dope.
He is the OG.
He was the fucking man.
Cool motherfucker.
Yeah.
Do you ever train with him?
I've never tried with him.
Never met him.
Really?
Interesting dude, man.
Very [1:38:09] interesting dude.
I got a chance to watch Colosseum.
Remember when he fought Funaki?
Was that his last one?
Yes.
Yeah.
I got a chance to watch a footage of that with him in his house.
Oh, the guy came to the gym, right?
Was it the gym challenge?
No, I didn't watch that.
He didn't show me that.
Someone's gonna have that.
He's got it.
We gotta get that.
I know, I'm like, release that, bro.
Why don't you release that?
That was Yoji Angel, right?
Yeah, yeah, he came to the challenge restaurant.
He just beat the fuck out of them.
And he goes, yeah.
And he's like, if we are competing, when your tab is over, if we're fighting, when I'm done, I'm done.
I decide.
You just beat the fuck out of that dude.
That's some scary shit.
I feel sad for me and I go, Parkinson's, right?
Who does?
I believe Hicks and Dust.
Does it really?
[1:39:00] I believe so.
No kidding.
I didn't hear that.
Yeah, I saw a cure, a greasy announcement something about it.
See, I always wonder, because we talked about Freddie Roach.
Like, that's trauma-induced Parkinson's.
And, you know, Hickson didn't get hit a whole lot in his career, but he did get hit.
You know, I always wonder.
Yeah.
Hickson graced you fight against Parkinson's.
I'm not scared of death, but quitting is unacceptable.
Rolling Stone magazine?
Whoa!
This is Rolling Stone?
That's crazy.
That is crazy that there's a Hicks and Gracie article in Rolling Stone.
That's amazing.
Wow.
Fuck, man, Parkinson's.
I hope we get a chronback.
I hope so too.
You might come back to grappling maybe.
Well, I mean, his last fight in MMA just looked like he was just trying to pull guard and work off his back and it's just he just didn't look like he's prepared.
I don't know a place he could do that.
[1:40:01] Yeah.
Do you think he would be willing to be?
I mean, he was such an elite grappler.
The Gary Tonin match.
What a fucking match.
That was holy shit, man.
Crazy as shit ever.
That was before Gary was training with the Donner or Desquad, right?
Wasn't it?
I mean, good question.
If we saw the match, we'd see he was in the corner because there's definitely before the leg lock days.
Yeah.
This was a long time, Gary was dominating that fight until the very end.
Back in those days was crazy.
I still miss Eddie Cummings.
I'm like, what happened to him?
You know what I mean?
Right, what did happen to him?
That guy was good.
I've tried to catch up with him a couple times in New York, like reach down.
I I just want to have lunch with the guy I'm like, but he's like, he just left the grappling well, disbandaged.
What is he doing?
No, I don't think anyone knows.
He came back, I saw you in a couple videos, he came back to Hanzo's and trained a couple times, but I think he doesn't like any meteor attention and like it's so cool to round on Instagram and he just vanished again.
Really?
Yeah.
So crazy He was on a elite grappler too.
Well, he was one of the very best of the leglock guys in the early days [1:41:06] He was scary.
We'll copy him.
He was scary scary.
Did Super smart like a really intelligent guy and now yeah, he ended up with a Tavi of Odain, right?
Mm-hmm Yeah, they started dating when she started training at at Hanzo's and I don't know what happened She can be I think she could be doing grappling a lot as well.
Yeah, she had fucked up knees, man.
Her knees were all blown out.
I remember trying to tell her to get surgery.
To fix him off.
Eddie kept bragging, and brother not.
I don't know, but she really, I think she had at least one with no ACL.
Where that's crazy, yeah.
Doesn't Nikki ever fucked up, Ne?
Nikki Ryan?
Nikki Ryan does.
Man, Nikki Ryan gets injured every three minutes.
You know what I mean?
He's made a glass unfortunately.
I came back trying within one round, injured him the other day.
I'm just like, fuck, what, how does this happen?
I felt bad.
It's a bit of a weird scramble, but he just beat JT Taurus the like biggest win of his career.
Yeah, he looked great in that.
That was beautiful.
Yeah, he was trying to real serious for that But doesn't he have like one ACL that's gone?
Yeah, yeah, I remember [1:42:09] He tore his ACL and the doctors were like hey, we're gonna tempt surgery or you can do rehab only So he just did nothing and just kept training He didn't even rehab the thing I'm like bro do something.
Yeah, he's wild That's not wise for the future though.
No, I know.
I mean, I think he had 95% of his meniscus removed in one of his legs.
Oh, God damn it.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure one surgeon was like, I want to do that.
You're too young for it, buddy.
Got it done.
Well, you know, they do meniscus replacements.
Oh, they do that.
Yes, they do cadaver meniscus replacements, especially with young people, it's really effective.
He's got some mileage in the body, so it's like his knees.
God, I hope he does it.
Because he can do it and it'll actually take.
We got him in this, though.
He's going after the million.
Better be exciting.
What a fucked up knee.
There's always something fucked up with him, you know?
[1:43:00] He's always injured in some way.
Well, isn't that the case with so many elite combat sports athletes?
It's very rare.
Other than boxers, it's very rare.
There's a story going around about this NBA player who got a menistka's from a donor.
Is that mean it's a cadaver or was?
Because they don't say cadaver at all in this.
No, that's what they mean.
They mean a donor.
Yeah, I said, it's effective.
It's possible.
For I think there's an age where they don't recommend it anymore because of the lack of blood circulation.
But I always wonder for who though, like when they say you know you can't do it after 40.
But for who?
Like for the regular person who is a 40-year-old, who doesn't work out and is not physically fit, or if you did that to say someone like Steve Amy Ochoch, could he get a meniscus replacement when he's constantly training?
And how much does your age affect blood flow to that area?
[1:44:04] What is the factor?
It doesn't make sense.
If you still have a great VO2 max, you're still very fit in your super healthy train all the time, you obviously have great circulation.
Like I don't understand why at a certain age, they wouldn't recommend it.
I wonder if it's based on averages.
Like you take the average 50 year old guy and you give it to him and his knees still fucked up because his body didn't heal properly.
But like with peptides, with all the things that are available today and stem cells, I wonder.
Yeah, it's gonna be some things you do to stack the deck and you get favor for that fish.
So once you remove your meniscus, I have a meniscus was scoped on my left knee and it's always gonna be fucked up There's always like something.
Yeah, it's just grinding right well, it's it's not all of mine is gone It's only in a corner But I I suffered a what's called a insufficiency fracture where you're Because there's no meniscus I crash skiing and I cracked my bones together so hard, [1:45:06] that it cracked the top of my shin bone.
Skating scares me.
It's the snowboarding scene.
That was my last time skiing.
I got a concussion, I fucking bang my head off the ground, real hard.
And I was skiing around this corner and this lady didn't know what she was doing.
And she was like, Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr So I chose falling down and I fucking bang my head so hard.
As my head banged, I'm like, oh, that one counts.
I was like, that's a real hard.
No, it would have been bad.
It would have been bad because she wasn't very large and I was, No, Gabby, I wasn't going slow.
I want to see her on the slopes.
It would have been, yeah, bro, that's like a bowling ball.
[1:46:03] Just fucking flying down the hill.
I mean, all that weight, the momentum of all that weight.
I imagine when you're really big, like my kids ski and they ski so easy, because they're light.
And like, weee weee weee, but the heavier you are, like the more fucking momentum is coming down.
Well, it's in the injury skiing side.
Probably not.
Yeah, my friend Shane Dorian, he blew his fucking knee out, snowboarding, he hit a tree, torched his knee, had to get it reconstructed and stem cells and all that jazz.
He's good to go now, but it took a long time before it was good.
And I was to imagine you're a professional, you're a professional surfer, one of the best in the world, big wave surfer.
I mean, he's a fucking monster.
Like, I would do everything to preserve my goddamn knees, but he loves snowboarding so much, he's still back at it.
Like, you're insane, man.
Yeah, that's crazy.
That's crazy.
You'd risk your career.
Your career?
Well, I think he's kind of, his career as a competition is kind of over.
You know, he's just kind of a representative of a bunch of different brands.
And I don't know if he competes.
I mean, Kelly Slater still competes, which is crazy and still wins.
[1:47:06] Kelly still trains, yeah.
Yeah, still trains you get to.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I suppose that's risky for yourself to go there too.
Oh yeah, that's gotta be risky.
It's gotta be risky for everything.
Like I know guys who play musical instruments and they fucked up their hands and she just broke it up a finger.
I'm like, yikes.
You're like tattoo out of sedgings.
It's like, maybe don't train.
Yeah, I mean, if you break a hand, and that's the hand you play guitar with, and now you've got these fucking gnarly ass fingers, and you're still trying to move at the same speed.
Yeah, I had some of my fingers.
One time I got my thumb stuck up here in grappling, and another time, my finger got stuck on the ground and went straight up.
I remember that.
That was in Puerto Rico.
All of the tas have broke my hand.
And I went to the hospital in Puerto Rico.
We go to the X-ray.
I'm waiting around for hours.
And the guys like, it's fun.
No breaks, nothing.
So I leave.
And then I'm like, my hands fucked up.
So I go back and end up getting the X-ray and I can see it's broken and I'll end up getting it treated.
I just posted it on Instagram.
I was like, any hand surgeons, what can I do for this?
And we just spoke [1:48:09] about it on Instagram.
What did he say to do?
I just left it like this for a while.
Didn't really.
Didn't use it too much.
So was it a fracture in the sense where they didn't have to bolt it together?
Yeah, didn't have to.
It's the same one when people punch a wolo something.
Oh, okay.
Like, yeah.
The blind down here.
So that one didn't need anything.
But I mean, I just, I was, a lot of Puerto Rican stories like that where I was like, yeah, it's not broken.
I can see it's broken.
Not so good medicine over there?
No, not at all.
Yeah, no, that was a, that was a where I've gone to the doctor and they're like this is staff I need any products, but they don't want to be told Like by some fucking idiot that they're like diagnosing themselves giving themselves the treatment So they resisted I know resisted on you.
Yeah, really I've had doctors not give me any what X and then it's going to Well, I tell you it's not stay there like now you're fine.
Just put some cream on it boy.
Oh [1:49:08] Boy, yeah, but I get it They probably have guys coming all the time to that block give me this give me this right But no one's coming in to get antibiotics for fun.
Yeah, I mean that's not like painkillers.
No, yeah, it's I guess I can control my bit, but yeah I just have to deal with like people coming in.
Oh, my back.
Yeah, my bag.
Give me some xana I'm so much anxiety.
I can't deal with people coming in.
Oh, I hurt my back.
Yeah, I'm not bad.
Give me some xanax.
Oh, I'm so much anxiety.
I can't deal with this.
They just freak out enough in the office.
Maybe they'll give you something just to calm you down.
That's a good play.
Really depends on the doctor.
Because some doctors are just a little loose with it.
Yeah, sure.
I feel like honestly, the more expensive the doctor, the better your chances.
Oh yeah.
Getting to what you want.
Oh yeah, I would imagine.
They probably have some sort of fucking deal too.
Like, you know, my wife's mom was a nurse and she would explain to me how the whole pharmaceutical rep thing worked.
And Brigham, Brigham from Wasteland, used to be a pharmaceutical rep.
It's like, bro, like the relationship they have with doctors is like, it's so slippery.
[1:50:05] I'll get them to prescribe.
Yeah, it's so slippery because, you know, even if they're not paying you and they do pay people, but even if they're not, like, this is your friend.
They show up, a, Brigham was like, I would show up with their kids softball games.
I knew everybody's name.
He'd become friendly.
They want to prescribe your drugs.
You're a good guy.
That's wild.
Yeah, it's fucking creepy.
If I like us, the opioid epidemic and stuff like that, right?
Oh, that's exactly it.
Did you ever watch that Chopin killer on Netflix?
I started by never finished it fucking lazy.
Oh, it's so fucked up.
How those people are not and jail is insane.
Not only did they bullshit people and get people to prescribe these things, but they've ruined.
Who knows how many lives?
Hundreds of thousands of people, if not millions dead from opioid overdoses, and then the amount of lives that are destroyed [1:51:01] because of those things.
Families wrecked everything.
And they tricked people.
They tricked them into doing drugs that are destroyed because of those things.
Families wrecked everything.
And they tricked people.
They tricked them into doing drugs that are gonna be...
They just paid a fine, right, massive fine.
That's enough?
Yeah, but not enough.
It's also, they part of the fine was that they were gonna avoid prosecution.
Like if they paid, you know, X amount of billions of dollars, they would avoid prosecution.
But I think then pain killer came out, the documentary came out, the Netflix series.
And then they kind of withheld that.
And I think one of the guys who was the main guy for the FDA that was responsible for green lighting, um, oxycontin and oxCodone.
That guy, they found him.
He was at like in a small town in New Hampshire.
He's hiding away.
He was hiding.
Yeah, I mean, they paid him off.
And this fucker was out there roaming around and then they found him and- He's like Epstein's girlfriend, hey.
Except she's in jail somewhere.
Yeah, they got her eventually.
[1:52:01] Yeah, eventually she's gonna get out and she's gonna fuck go swimming and drown or something Yeah, Jerry, Jerry.
I mean that'll be me after this tournament.
I can't I do worry about that.
I Mean it should be alright That's not comforting should be alright.
Yeah, I mean it's just a bit of friendly competition It is that but it's also like you're specifically going head to head.
Like if you had done it a month earlier or a month later, I don't think we'd have the same issues.
I don't think we'd have the same impact on the sport though.
We do.
I think you would.
We'll do it a month after as well.
Well, cool out my buddy.
We need another million brother.
Let's go on again.
But you want to do it once a year, right?
You don't want to do it more than once a year.
Yeah, I'm on the phone, don't stop.
Hey, talking to people about this event and stuff.
Got to explain everyone the rules set.
Yeah.
And becoming a promoter.
I mean, do you have to hire a staff now?
Do you have to hire all these coordination and stuff, but me I'm just talking to the athletes coming up with the roles sort of [1:53:07] So he does all the coordination like hiring the staff making sure the event is well run Yeah, because I would imagine if you've never run an event before like that's obviously you can't call Abu Dhabi and ask for tips You call it I should you call it Bravo.
Yeah, I spoke that him.
He loves it.
That's like.
Yeah, you're very excited about it.
Little hat tip to him with the name as well.
Yeah, I think the having something where there's more money involved is always good.
It's just like the timing of it.
It's like when to do it.
I just if you'd asked me out, I said, hmm, I still gotta watch the finals, you know?
Well, yeah, true.
They still gotta watch the finals.
They get to watch the finals, but you won't have the same people competing, because if they're gonna compete on Friday and Saturday, that precludes them from being able to compete in Abu Dhabi.
If I mean, yeah, for sure.
Do you want to go Maddo in 10k or the million?
Right.
That's the argument.
That is the argument argument, right?
And it's it's certainly look competition is almost always good.
It even [1:54:06] when people don't like it, it forces them to up their game.
And I think at the end of the day, it's going to be good for the athletes and good for the sport because it'll make people more and the beef, the beef will, you know, too packed biggie with I'm going down in Vegas like two packed it.
Remember how both of those guys guys died though by the way.
They died very badly.
Yeah.
All two-pock and biggie.
Like it would have been better if two-pock and biggie just kind of worked it out.
Like, I mean, even like Drake and Kendrick, but that was entertaining.
But Drake's house got shot at, you know, like someone did a security guard get shot.
I think he got shot.
Yeah.
And then we got some good music.
Sort, I didn't know.
Security got to take the hit.
I mean, yeah, yeah, someone, she's the songs are good.
I just find it foolish.
The bave, mm-hmm.
I'm not beef guy.
I feel like those guys could have wrote banging songs.
They both put out four songs each, you know?
It's like, he's that creativity and just, [1:55:04] yeah, I guess he would be driven.
I mean I get it I get it it's part of the culture I get it don't get me wrong like I like roast battles.
Yeah do comedy.
They should have done that.
Yeah.
So the paper viewers that would have been amazing.
Yeah that would have that would have been amazing.
Yeah.
Rap battles are awesome.
It's just, you know, it's another opportunity to write.
It's another opportunity to create something.
And it's high pressure.
Yeah.
So in that sense, this rivalry between ADCC and the CJAI, you know?
Just wanna Australian idiot, that's the city, you know?
Let's see what I'm gonna say.
Yeah, versus a monarchy.
A monarchy, yeah.
But I mean, I still love AddyCC's love of like history, you know, I think you can wash that away.
It's amazing.
Yeah.
Um, do you think you could ever compete for them again?
I think that's over now.
I mean, I wouldn't do a 10k.
I don't know.
I mean, who knows?
[1:56:00] I'm, I'm, The doors open for anything.
I don't take any of this stuff too seriously at all.
You know what I mean?
A lot of us just find on the internet.
Like I don't really, you know, like, fucking around having a good time, you know, like, I'll do anything for the right price.
So it's like, if the spectacles there, if people are interested in it.
Right, so you would go back if they would have you back.
I won and what I wanted from day one was just athletes across everything in Gigi to be compensated just a little bit more You know because again, we don't have the prestige So if they had ramped it up from 10 to 20 You would have done this wouldn't it really wow Boy, they're probably going fuck.
Oh, yeah, I just that's that's really What sort of kicked it off?
But also I wanted to do like this is opportunity to start up out non-profit and stuff.
So it's like gives me opportunity to get back in other ways.
So with your this attitude about not taking things so seriously, do you think you and Gordon would ever bury the hatchet?
I mean for sure, but it takes a man to the MA who gets the bottom of it, you know?
I think he needs it, you know what I mean?
Don't you think though that for a guy to be as dominant as he is, you have to be that [1:57:08] guy.
That's like Michael Jordan in his prime.
They said if you beat him in a game of pool, you wouldn't talk to you for like two weeks.
You just have to be kind of a psycho.
I know, but you see, I guess you see the contrast in some areas.
Like, in my opinion, Volkanovsky was that, GSP was that.
But really nice guys.
Yeah, and the survival was out.
Again, I don't think Gordon's, I mean, it's hard to say what he is, you know?
It's like, it's hard, I don't know, I'm that well, you know?
I know what the image he puts out.
I know a little bit of the stuff behind the scenes, but.
But you trained with him for years, you gotta know them.
Yeah, but you know what you do to guys of life?
You like, fuck, get on the mat, so I don't wanna hang out with them afterwards.
Fucking, weed us.
Who wants to have a conversation with a jujitsu guy?
Me.
That's why you're here.
Some of them.
Some of them.
Fucking, some of them are a bit odd, you know?
You know, I'm part of it, but...
I'd people would make the world go round though.
[1:58:07] Oh yeah, I mean for sure, I'm not criticizing, I'm fucking weird, look at what I'm doing.
You're weird, yeah.
Definitely weird.
But some people, I find it easy to talk to, I know, it's just for me as a guy who likes both of you guys.
I don't like that you don't talk anymore.
I don't like that you have this beef.
I've asked Gordon to define it.
He doesn't define it.
It's very difficult.
He doesn't say anything bad about you, but he doesn't define it.
I mean, I just love fucking around.
Like, Australia, we love attacking each other.
Like, I say worse things to my friends than I say to Gordon.
You're not a comedian.
Listen, I'm a comedian.
I know about that.
So it's like, I to each other too.
Some guys are so good to provoke you.
Get a good fucking reaction out of them, you know?
Well, with comedians, you know who you can hang out with by who can take shit.
You know, because if someone makes fun of me, if it's funny, I laugh.
But if you make fun of some people and they're like, hey, they're like, oh, you get you, softy.
You just lost.
Oh, you fucked up.
You take yourself seriously.
You gotta roll the punches.
You just take what you do seriously, but you never take yourself seriously.
[1:59:05] That's so silly.
There's no benefit to that.
Because then you don't get to enjoy the laughs when someone makes fun of you.
Someone makes fun of you and it's rude.
If you're watch Kill Tony.
Yeah, yeah.
When David Lucas and Tony Hinchkov go out each other, it is one of my favorite things in life.
They're both so fucking ruthless and hilarious, but if David gets Tony, Tony laughs hard and if Tony gets David, David laughs hard.
They laugh.
They love each other.
They're really good friends, but they're fucking ruthless when it comes to that shit, when they're roasting each other.
But they're having a good time.
Like if you roast someone and they get like actually upset as a comedian, all the other comedians will be like, oh look at you.
You're upset at a joke.
You fucking hypocrite.
Like what's wrong with you?
Well that's what I mean.
Gordon says bro, you suck, you never want anything.
I'm like, bro, I could just argue that.
You know that?
It's like, relax.
Is that, like, what is the the beef though like it doesn't make sense?
[2:00:05] I mean for me I'm just having a good time like it's like I'm in a sport of people that take themselves very seriously Right and it's this he takes himself very seriously.
So it's just like I like so you like picking on him I like yeah, you know, I mean like I mean like what you say like a mediums, you know if someone's To get a tear of it sometimes, you know?
Yeah.
And it's good material.
He's like, he's just walking good material, you know?
It's like he's provoking me.
How's that?
Well, he was just post something that I'm like, I swear, I'm like, this guy's playing a fucking character.
He's a genius, but it's real.
And I'm like, he's baiting me.
I gotta say something.
Well, you something.
Well you are probably the funniest guy in Jiu-Jitsu other than Eddie.
Eddie's hilarious.
Eddie loves the jugs too.
He gets a sometimes I pass on him some deeper levels of the jugs and he gets the full story.
Love that we go deep conspiracy on the Jiu-Jitsu jugs.
Oh no Eddie's Eddie is fucking hilarious.
He's one of the funniest people I've ever met.
I'm so glad he's doing stand-up again too because I tried to talk to him and he'd do standup a long time ago, like back in 2001, [2:01:07] like dude, I'm telling you, just try, it'll suck it first, but just like, it sucked when I learned you did do.
You suck it first, but you have the ability to do it.
I've become, yeah.
He took a long time off it, but when he was teaching, he would teach classes and especially seminars, he would have like material.
Oh yeah.
During seminars, it was hilarious.
And then he's like, I think I'm gonna do comedy again.
So teaching seminars.
That's what I do instead.
I'll say the same joke.
And then I'll look over and I'll be like, fuck that guy, I was at another seminar.
I said the same thing.
I'm like, he knows.
He knows my tricks.
Yeah.
Yeah, if they already know the jokes, it's like a little bit of an issue.
And I'm like, fuck if I said this a few too many times now.
Yeah.
Switch topics.
Yeah, you gotta make new stuff up.
You gotta make up new stuff for seminars.
When you go and do seminars, you find it, it's a lot of MMA fighters that are wanting to learn Jiu Jitsu, is it just Jiu Jitsu guys?
Is it a mixture?
I mean nowadays, man, it's such a variety of people.
Sometimes even beginners, like white belts will show up [2:02:06] and they're just coming to hang out.
I love doing seminars all around the world and just meeting the people that are doing the sport.
And I keep met a really affordable price because I always remember when people would come to my city, sometimes the seminars were so expensive, I couldn't afford it.
So I just insist we book a big venue, we keep the prices were so expensive I couldn't afford it.
So I just insist we book a big venue we keep the prices low.
And I just get to see who from that country is participating in the sport, you know?
I just love it.
Is that you enjoy that more than competing now?
Just going around and doing seminars?
I enjoy like all aspects of it.
You know like obviously too many seminars exhausting.
I've done like back to back to back to back.
I like to see when I be 30 hours and then out of there, otherwise it's too much social interaction, you know?
We probably also don't absorb anything after three hours.
It's like, and I have to roll.
Like I still run the gauntlet, I try to roll as many people as possible.
That's a good hair raise.
You fucking try to kill me.
Yeah, I'm sure.
Bro, you paid to come to you like me, what are you doing to me?
Yeah, I like, so I'll be hung over, jet lags, and it'll be like, I'll be do, [2:03:06] I'll do like, sometimes one hour, one and a half hours straight, and you go every three minutes.
Oh God.
And I'm like, what are you doing to me, but it's fucking one hour in and you're trying to kill me.
Yeah, after a while.
Test your patience, that's like and stories so that Hickson would do a seminar and then take all the black belts there and just tap them one after another.
I try to do fucked up shit to people though, you know, like just crazy stupid submissions, you know that keeps it entertaining for me.
Crab walks, like the Boston crab?
Yeah, the Boston crab.
I love hitting a Boston crab, I'm like you will remember that forever.
You see that one guy who did it never made?
Yeah, he is.
Yeah.
One guy who did it in MMA?
Yeah, he is.
So crazy.
Man, that would hurt.
I've never been put in it.
But yeah, what is it, is it a flexibility thing?
Is it a spine thing?
I think it'll break your spine.
Yeah.
I do it to people from Mount, I give them Mount and then I put my toes in the armpits, take them over the top, bust them, crabber.
Yeah.
that's the most enjoyable thing.
The, yeah, here's the dude who did it in MMA.
[2:04:08] How did he set it up?
Jesus.
He just climbed over the top.
He got his legs.
The other guy looks like he's fighting for his life and nothing's happening.
Well, the other guy looks a little out of shape too.
He's just a little nookies to the face.
It's like he's already ready for it.
It almost looks fake.
I don't think it's fake.
I think it's just a low level MMA show.
Wow.
That's crazy.
Fuck that guy would never hear the end of that.
I remember a guy used to train with, uh, he actually sponsors me and he had MMA fight and he tapped E1 for three rounds.
And a minute to go.
I think 30 seconds to go.
He crossed his leg from back.
Oh, no.
And I fucking remind him of it to this day.
It's been years.
That is a crazy submission.
That hurts, you know?
Oh, it hurts like hell, but you got to imagine like if you're winning the fight, I've, I don't think I've ever seen an MMA fight where someone tapped [2:05:00] to that.
I'll send it to you.
But guys do it.
Guys do it even Hicks and did it when Hicks and submitted Funakis crossed his legs.
He guess he just rather have the squeeze and if the guy threatens it he'll let it go.
Yeah.
Sometimes I think it's about being relaxed.
It's like if you're doing this they can catch it really tough and she angles her relax.
Sometimes they slip off the top.
Right.
I think relaxing in those positions sometimes helps.
We're also being hyper aware of when the guy lifts his leg up to try to lock it.
But yeah, I've had it done to me before.
It's fucking horrible.
People try to do that to me at seminars like that.
I try and play around and then catch me with some shit.
I'm just like fucking relax guy.
Fuckin'.
You have to always be aware, right?
Because you're dealing with people trying to get a reputation.
You try to break my legs, everything.
Have you ever tapped at seminars?
Yeah, I tapped, but I'll give them a couple more so they don't believe it, you know?
Their friends will believe they get me once, but not three times, you know?
What do you mean?
Like if a blue belt taps me to seminar, one time maybe people believe.
So you love to tap your couple times?
I'm gonna to story farm.
I'm fucked to story farm.
I'm fucked to story farm.
I'm fucked to story farm.
I'm fucked to story farm.
[2:06:05] I'm fucked to story farm.
I'm fucked to story farm.
I'm fucked to story farm.
I'm fucked to story farm.
I'm fucked to story farm.
I'm fucked to story farm.
I'm fucked to story farm.
I'm fucked to story farm.
I'm fucked like, guys, I'm gonna give you positions, but like, if you get it, I'll tap, like, relax.
I don't try to do it.
Yeah, I got shit to do, like, don't roll my neck.
Yeah, they try, yeah, some of guys try to kill you.
Necks are a bad one too, man, when you get a hurt neck was like, oh, and your neck is gone.
Like, that's a fucking creepy one.
That's crazy, yeah.
I think I just retire at that point, you know?
Chris, why haven't got his dick replaced?
Whoops, sorry Chris.
I think he got his disc replaced as well.
I think he got the same thing.
And there's a few guys who've had disc replaced [2:07:00] in their back and in their neck.
You know, they can do that titanium articulating disc now, like where it allows your neck to move pretty normally, but you know, like how long has that last?
I just tap to everything and not putting much effort and I feel like he's my body safe.
You know what I mean?
Like if I'm training and the guys go and hide them, like, all right, he got it, right?
Yeah, I'm like, let's just, that's smart.
But that's an ego thing.
You have a healthy ego.
I'm just like, who cares?
Like it's like, yeah, that's the point, you know?
Well, it's definitely better than going out like, you know, Vinnie, Vinnie Magalais, letting your fucking leg get destroyed like that.
If you can just relax like that and allow yourself to get tapped, you will save so many injuries.
I control the security footage in the cameraman though so you know like I make the footage disappear if you get something.
Oh in your gym?
Yeah that's really a shame.
Get delayed that.
That's the problem right guys want to release footage.
I want to sell it.
Hey like if people come to the gym I'm like well let you tap me.
Give me some money.
Yeah you can take it home.
Well, listen Craig, good luck on this.
[2:08:06] I really hope it works out.
I hope ADCC isn't too pissed at you.
And I hope you've started a trend.
And I hope this isn't gonna look at that.
The bowl.
It's 18 bowls.
I hope it, 80 days, 20 hours, 58 minutes, and 47 seconds until it starts from right now.
That's not reassuring, that's close.
Yeah, it is.
80 days is not a long amount of time.
But I hope it works out and I really hope that it elevates the sport.
And at the very least it's getting some eyeballs on the sport.
Get some new eyeballs for sure.
Yeah, thanks for letting me talk about it.
My pleasure.
So tell everybody how to find you on Instagram and how to find the website for the event.
Craig Jones, BGJ.com.
We sell tickets to this, sorry, Craig Jones, BGJ for Instagram, UNLV.com is where tickets will be up on the 31st.
So at the Thomas Mac website.
Thomas Mac website and then Fairfive Foundation is the website with all the information that's [2:09:02] what we saw there.
And CJA official is the Instagram page where it's meant to be professional, but it's gonna be mostly memes.
Mostly memes?
Mostly memes and jokes.
Okay.
We had a spelling around the poster we left it.
I was like, fight, we fucked up, we'll commit to it.
All right, beautiful.
All right, man, well good luck and make sure you count all that before you leave.
Yeah, so I'm just going to cut it out.
Thank you, bye everybody.
================================================================================
Episode Title: #2156 - Jeremie & Edouard Harris
Transcript:
What's happening?
Oh you know not too much.
Just another typical week in AI.
Just the beginning of the end of time.
That's all happening right now.
Just for the sake of the listeners, please just give us your names and tell us what you do.
So I'm Jeremy Harris.
I'm the CEO and co-founder of this company Gladstone AI that we co-founded.
So we're essentially a national security and AI company we can get into the backstory a little bit later, but that's the high level.
Yeah, and I'm Ed Harris.
I'm actually I'm his co-founder and brother and the CTO of the company.
Keep this like pull this up like a fist from your face.
There you go perfect.
So how long have you guys been involved in the whole AI space?
For a while in different ways.
So we actually, we started off as physicists.
Like that was our background.
And in like around 2017, we started to go into AI startups.
So we found it a startup took you through Y Combinator, this like Silicon Valley accelerator program.
At the time, actually Sam Altman, who's now the CEO of OpenAI, was the president of Y Combinator.
So he opened up our batch at YC with this big speech and we got some conversations in with him over the course of the batch then in 2020 so this this thing happened that we could talk about essentially this was like the moment that There's like a before and after in the world of AI before and after 2020 and It launched this Revolution that brought us to chat GPT Essentially, there was an insight that open AI had and doubled down on that you can draw straight us to chat GPT.
Essentially, there was an insight that OpenAI had and doubled down on that you can draw a straight line to chat GPT, GPT-4, Google Gemini, everything that makes AI everything it is today started then.
And when it happened, we kind of went, well, it had gave me a call, this like panic phone call, he's like, dude, [2:01] I don't think we can keep working like businesses usual in a regular company anymore.
Yeah.
So there was this AI model called GPT3.
So like everyone has maybe played with GPT4.
It's like ChatGPT.
GPT3 was the generation before that.
And it was the first time that you had an AI model that could actually, let's say, do stuff like write news articles that the average person, like in a paragraph of a news article, could not tell the difference between it wrote this news article in a real person wrote this news article.
So that was an inflection.
That was, you know, significant in itself.
But what was most significant was that it represented a point along this line, this scaling trend for AI, where the signs were that you didn't have to be clever, you didn't have to come up with necessarily a revolutionary new algorithm or be smart about [3:01] it.
You just had to take what works and make it way, way, bigger.
And the significance of that is you increase the amount of computing cycles you put against something, you increase the amount of data.
All of that is an engineering problem and you can solve it with money.
So you've got, you can scale up the system, use it to make money and put that money right back into scaling up the system some more money in IQ points come out.
Cheers.
That was kind of the 2020 moment.
And that's what we said in 2020, exactly.
I spent about two hours trying to argue out of it.
I was like, no, no, no, no, like we can keep working at our company because we're having fun.
Like we like founding companies.
And yeah, he just like wrestling me to the ground and we're like, shit, we gotta do something about this.
We reached out to like a family friend who, you know, he was non-technical but he had some connections in government in DOD and we're like, dude, the way this is set up right now, you can really start drawing straight lines and extrapolating and saying, you know what, [4:02] the government is going to give a shit about this in not very long, two years, four years, we're not sure, but the knowledge about what's going on here is so siloed in the frontier labs.
Like, our friends, all over the frontier labs, the OpenAI, the Google Debt Minds, all that stuff, the shit they were saying to us that was like mundane reality, like water cooler conversation, when you then went to talk to people in policy and even like pretty senior people in government, not tracking the story remotely.
In fact, you're hearing almost a diametric opposite.
This is like over learning the lessons of the AI winters that came before when it's pretty clear like we're on a very at least interesting trajectory, let's say, that should change the way we're thinking about the technology.
What was your fear?
Like, what was it that hit you that made you go, we have to stop doing this?
So it's basically, anyone can draw a straight line on a graph.
The key is looking ahead and actually at that point, [5:02] three years out, four years out and asking, like you're asking, what does this mean for the world?
What does it mean?
What does the world have to look like if we're at this point?
And we're already seeing the first wave of risk sets just begin to materialize.
And that's kind of the weaponization risk sets.
So you think about stuff like large scale psychological manipulation of social media.
Actually really easy to do now.
You train a model on just a whole bunch of tweets.
You can actually direct it to push a narrative like maybe China should own Taiwan or whatever, something like that.
And you actually, you can train it to adjust the discourse and have increasing levels of effectiveness to that.
And you actually, you can train it to adjust the discourse and have increasing levels of effectiveness to that, just as you increase the general capability surface of these systems, we don't know how to predict what exactly comes out of them at each level of scale, but it's just general increasing power.
And then the kind of next beat of risk after that.
[6:08] So we're scaling these systems, we're on track to scale systems that are at human level, like generally as smart, however you define that as a person or a greater and open AI and the other labs are saying, yeah, it might be two years away, three years away, four years away, like insanely close.
At the same time, and we can go into the details of this, but we actually don't understand how to reliably control these systems.
We don't understand how to get these systems to do what it is we want.
We can kind of like poke them and prod them and get them to kind of adjust, but you've seen, and we can go over these examples.
We've seen example after example of, you know, Bing Sidney, yelling at users, Google, showing 17th century British scientists that are racially diverse, all that kind of stuff.
We don't really understand how to like aim it [7:02] or align it or steer it.
And so then you can ask yourself, well, we're on track to get here.
We are not on track to control these systems effectively.
How bad is that?
And the risk is if you have a system that is significantly smarter than humans or human organization, that we basically get disempowered in various ways relative to that system.
And we can go into some details on that too.
Now, when a system does something like what Gemini did, like what says show us Nazi soldiers that it shows you Asian women, and like what is, what's the mechanism?
Like how does that happen?
So it's maybe worth, yeah, taking a step back and looking at how these systems actually work.
Because that's gonna give us a bit of a frame too for figuring out when we see weird shit happen.
How weird is that shit?
Is that shit just explainable by just the basic mechanics of what you would expect to happen [8:00] based on the way we were training these things?
Or is something new and fundamentally different happening.
So talking about this idea of scaling these AI systems, right?
What does that actually mean?
Well, you imagine the AI model, which is kind of like you think of it as like the artificial brain here that actually does the thinking.
That model contains, it's kind of like a human brain, it's got these things called neurons, we and the human brain called them biological neurons in the context of AI's artificial neurons, but it doesn't really matter, that the cells that do the thinking for the machine.
And the realization of AI scaling is that you can basically take this model, increase the number of artificial neurons it contains.
And at the same time, increase the amount of computing power that you're putting into kind of like wiring the connections between those neurons.
That's the training process.
Can I pause you right there?
Yeah.
How does the neuron think?
Yeah, so okay, so let's get a little bit more concrete then.
So in your brain, right, we have these neurons, they're all connected to each other with different connections.
And when you go out into the world and you learn new skill, what really happens is you try out that skill, you succeed or fail, and based on your succeeding or failing, the connections between [9:05] neurons that are associated with doing that task well gets stronger, the connections that are associated with doing it badly get weaker.
And over time, through this glorified process of trial and error, eventually you're going to hone in and really, in a very real sense, everything you know about the world gets implicitly encoded in the strengths of the connections between all those neurons.
If I can x-ray your brain and get all the connection strengths of all the neurons, I have everything Joe Rogan has learned about the world.
That's basically the good sketch, let's say, of what's going on here.
So now we apply that to AI, right?
That's the next step.
And here, really, That's the next step.
And here really it's the same story.
We have these massive systems, artificial neurons connected to each other.
The strength of those connections is secretly what encodes all the knowledge.
So if I can steal all of those connections, those weights as they're sometimes called, I've stolen the model.
I've stolen the artificial brain.
[10:01] I can use it to do whatever the model could do initially.
That is kind of the artifact of central interest here.
And so if you can build the system, right?
Now you've got so many moving parts.
Like if you look at GPT-4, it has people think around a trillion of these connections.
And that's a trillion little pieces that all have to be jiggered together to work together coherently.
And you need computers to go through and tweak those numbers.
So massive amounts of computing power.
The bigger you make that model, the more computing power you're going to need to tune it in.
And now you have this relationship between the size of your model, the amount of computing power you're going to use to train it.
And if you can increase those things at the same time, what Ed was saying is your IQ points basically drop out.
Very roughly speaking, that was what people realized in 2020 and the effect that had was now all of a sudden the entire AI industry is looking at this equation.
Everybody knows the secret sauce.
I make it bigger, I make more IQ points, I can get more money.
So Google's looking at this, Microsoft, OpenAI, Amazon, everybody's looking at the same equation.
[11:02] You have the makings for a crazy race.
Like right now today, sorry, Microsoft, is engaged in the single biggest infrastructure in human history.
Build out the biggest infrastructure.
Build out.
$50 billion a year, right?
So on the scale of the Apollo moon landings, just in building out data centers to house the compute infrastructure because they are betting that these systems are going to get them to something like human-level AI pretty damn soon.
So I was reading some story about I think it was Google that saying that they're going to have multiple nuclear reactors to power their database.
That's what you got to do now because what's going on is North America is kind of running out of on grid base load power to actually supply these data centers.
You're getting data center building moratoriums in areas like Virginia, which has traditionally been like the data center cluster for Amazon, for example, and for a lot of these other [12:04] companies.
And so when you build a data center, you need a bunch of resources sighted close to that data center.
You need water for cooling and a source of electricity.
And it turns out that wind and solar don't really quite cut it for these big data centers that train big models.
Because the data center, the training consumes power like this all the time, but the sun isn't always shining, the wind isn't always blowing.
And so you got to build nuclear reactors, which give you high capacity factor base load.
And Amazon literally bought, yeah, a data center with a nuclear plant right next to it, because like, that's what you got to do.
Jesus.
How long does it take to build a nuclear reactor?
Because it's so like this is the race, right?
The race is, you're talking about 2020, people realizing this, then you have to have the power to supply it.
But how long, how many years does it take to get an active nuclear reactor up and running?
[13:02] It's an answer that depends.
The Chinese are faster than us at building nuclear reactors, for example.
And that's part of the geopolitics of this too, right?
Like when you look at US versus China, what is bottlenecking each country, right?
So the US is bottlenecked increasingly by power, based load power, China, because we've got export control measures in place, in part as a response to the scaling phenomenon.
As a result of the investigation we did.
That's right, yeah.
In part, in part.
Yeah.
But China is bottlenecked by their access to the actual processors.
They've got all the power they can eat, because they've got much more infrastructure investment, but the chip side is weaker.
So, there's sort of like balancing act between the two sides, and it's not clear yet like which one positions you strategically for dominance in long-term.
But we are also building better, more like so small modular reactors.
Essentially small nuclear power plants that can be mass-produced.
Those are starting to come online relatively early, [14:01] but the technology and designs are pretty mature.
So that's probably the next beat for our power grid for data centers, I would imagine.
Microsoft is doing this.
So in 2020, you have this revelation you recognize where this is going.
You see how it charts and you say, this is going to be a real problem.
Does anybody listen to you?
This is where the problem comes, right?
Yeah, like we said, right?
You can draw a straight line.
You can have people nodding along, but there's a couple of like hiccups along the way.
One, is that straight line really gonna happen?
All you're doing is like drawing lines on charts, right?
I don't really believe that that's gonna happen, and that's one thing.
The next thing is just just imagining is this, is this what's gonna come to pass as a result of that?
And then the third thing is, well, yeah, that sounds important, but like not my problem.
That sounds like an important problem for somebody else.
And so we did do a bit of a traveling.
Yeah, it was like the world's saddest traveling roadshow.
[15:02] It was literally as dumb as this sound.
So we go and, oh my God, I mean, it's almost embarrassing to think back on, but so 2020 happens, yes, within months, first of all, we're like, we gotta figure out how to hand off our company.
So we handed off to two of our earliest employees, they did an amazing job, company exited, that's great.
But that was only because they're so good at what they do.
We then went, what the hell, like how can you steer this situation?
How do you, we just thought we got to wake up the US government as stupid and naive as that sounds, like that was the big picture goal.
So we start to line up as many briefings as we possibly can across the US interagency, all the departments, all the agencies that we can find, climbing our way up.
We got an awful lot like Ed said of like that sounds like a wicked important problem for somebody else to solve yeah defense home lines of security and then the state department yeah so we end up exactly this this meeting with like there's about a dozen folks from the state department and one of them and i i hope at some point uh...
you know history recognizes what what she did her team did because it was the first time that somebody actually [16:03] stood up and said first of all, sounds like a serious issue.
I see the argument makes sense to I own this.
And three, I'm going to put my own career capital behind this.
That's the.
And that was at the end of 2021.
So imagine that.
That's a year before chat GPT, nobody was tracking this issue.
You had to have the imagination to draw like through that line, understand what it meant, and then believe, yeah, I'm going to risk some career capital on this in a risk of Earth's government.
This is the only reason that we even were able to publicly talk about the investigation in the first place because by the time this whole assessment was commissioned, it was just before chat GPT came out, the IFSauron was not yet on this.
And so there was a view that like, yeah, sure, you can publish the results of this kind of, not nothing burger investigation, but you can sure go ahead.
And it just became this insane story.
We had like the UKI Safety Summit, we had the White House Executive Order, [17:01] all this stuff which became entangled with the work we were doing.
Which we simply could not have, especially some of the reports we were collecting from the labs, the whistleblower reports, that could not have been made public if there, if it wasn't for the foresight of this team, really pushing for as well the American population to hear about it.
Now, I could see how if you were one of the people that saw on this expansion man-minded.
All you're thinking about is getting this up and running.
You guys are paying the ass, right?
So you're obviously doing something really ridiculous.
You're stopping your company.
You can make more money staying there and continuing the process.
But you recognize that there's like an existential threat involved in making this stuff go online.
When this stuff is live, you can't undo it.
Oh yeah, no matter how much money you're making, the dumbest thing to do is to stand by as something that completely transcends money is being developed and it's just going to screw you over if things go badly.
[18:01] But what is there people that push back against this and what is their argument.
Yeah so actually for and I'll I'll let you follow up on the but there the first story of the push back I think it's kind of a it's been in the news a little bit lately now getting more and more public but the when we started this and like no one was talking about it The one group that was actually pushing sort of stuff in this space was a big funder in the area of like effective altruism.
I think you know, may have heard of them.
This is kind of a Silicon Valley group of people who have a certain mindset about how you pick tough problems to work on, valuable problems to work on.
They've had all kinds of issues.
Sam Bankman freed was one of them and all that quite famously.
So we're not effective ultra-us, but because these are the folks who are working in the space, we decided, well, we'll talk to them.
And the first thing they told us was, don't talk to the government about this.
Their position was, if you bring this to the attention of the government, they will go, oh shit, powerful AI systems, and they're not going to hear about the dangers, so they're going to somehow go out and build the powerful systems without caring about the rest side.
[19:10] Which, when you're in that startup mindset, you want to fail cheap.
You don't want to just make assumptions about the world and be like, okay, let's not touch it.
Our instinct was, okay, let's just test this a little bit and talk to a couple people, see how they respond, tweak the like kind of keep keep climbing that that ladder that's the kind of you know build their mindset that we came from Silicon Valley and and we found that people are way more thoughtful about this than you would imagine and in DOD especially DOD is actually has a very safety-oriented culture with their tech like the thing is because like they're there's stuff like kills people right and they know their stuff kills people, right?
And they know there's stuff kills people.
And so they have an entire safety-oriented development practice to make sure that their stuff doesn't go off the rails.
And so you can actually bring up these concerns with them, and it lands in kind of a ready culture.
[20:00] But one of the issues with the individuals we spoke to who were saying don't talk to government is that they had just not actually interacted with any of the folks that they were kind of talking about and imagining that they knew what was in their heads.
And so they were just giving incorrect advice.
And frankly, like, so we work with DOD now on actually deploying AI systems in a way that's safe and secure.
And the truth is, at the time when we got that advice, which was like late 2020, reality is, you could have made it your life's mission to try to get the Department of Defense to build an AGI and like you would not have succeeded because nobody was paying attention.
Wow.
Because they just didn't know.
Yeah, there's a chasm, right?
There's a gap to cross.
Like there's information.
Yeah, there's information spaces that DOD folks like operate in and work in.
There's information spaces that Silicon Valley and tech operated in.
They're a little more [21:03] convergent today, but especially at the time, they were very separate.
And so the briefings we did, we had to constantly iterate on like clarity, making it very kind of clear and explaining it and all that stuff, years it.
And that was the piece to your question about like the pushback in a way from inside the house.
I mean, that was the people who cared about the risk.
Yeah.
The man.
When we actually went into the labs, so some labs, not all labs are created equal.
It should make that point.
When you talk to whistleblowers, what we found was, so there's one lab that's really great.
So anthropic, when you talk to people there, you don't have the sense that you're talking to a whistleblower who's nervous about telling you whatever roughly speaking what you know the executive say to the public is aligned with what they're their researchers say it's all very very open more more closely i think than any of the other story i'm more more closely than any of the others always you know there are always variations here and there but [22:00] uh...
some of the other labs like very different.
And you had the sense like we were in a room with one of the frontier labs.
We're talking to their leadership, this part of the investigation.
And there was somebody from, anyway, it won't be too specific, but there was somebody in the room who then took us to the side after.
And he hands me his phone.
He's like, hey, can you please, like put your phone number.
Or no, yeah, he put his number in my phone.
And then he kind of like whispered to me, he's like, hey, so whatever recommendations you guys are going to make, I would urge you to be more ambitious.
And I was like, what does that mean?
He's like, can we just talk later?
So as happened in many, many cases, we had a lot of cases where we set up bar meetups after the fact where we would talk to these folks and get them in an informal setting.
He shared some pretty sobering stuff and in particular the fact that he did not have confidence in his lab's leadership to live up to their publicly stated word on what they [23:00] would do when they were approaching AGI and even now to secure and make these systems safe.
So many such cases, this is like kind of one specific example, but it's not that you ever had lab leadership come in or doors getting kicked down and people are waking us up in the middle of the night.
It was that you had this looming cloud over everybody that you really felt some of the people with the most access and information who understood the problem the most deeply were the most hesitant to bring things forward because they sort of understood that their lab's not going to be happy with this.
And so it's very hard to also get an extremely broad view of this from inside the labs because you know you open it up, you start to talk to, we spoke to a couple of dozen people about various issues in total.
You go much further than that and where it starts to get around.
And so we had to kind of strike that balance as we spoke to folks from you share these labs.
Now, when you say approaching AGI, [24:01] how does one know when a system has achieved AGI, and does the system have an obligation to alert you?
Well, by, you know, the Turing test, right?
Yes.
So you have a conversation with a machine and it can fool you into thinking that it's a human.
That was the bar for AGI for, you know, a few decades.
That's kind of already happened.
Yeah.
Like close to it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like close to it.
Yeah.
For zero is close to it, for four.
Different forms of the Turing test have been passed, different forms have been proposed, and there is a feeling among a lot of people that goal posts are being shifted.
Now, the definition of AGI itself is kind of interesting, right, because we're not necessarily fans of the term, because usually when people talk about AGI, they're talking about a specific circumstance in which there are capabilities they care about.
So some people use AGI to refer to the wholesale automation of all labor, right?
That's one.
Some people say, well, when you build AGI, it's like it's automatically going [25:02] to be hard to control and there's a risk to civilization, so that's a different threshold.
All these different ways of defining it, ultimately, it can be more useful to think sometimes about advanced AI and the different thresholds of capability you cross and the implications of those capabilities, but it is probably going to be more like a fuzzy spectrum, which, in a way, it makes it harder, right?
It would be great to have a...
Like a trip wire where you're like, oh, like this is bad, okay.
Like we, you know, we gotta do something.
But because there's no threshold that we can like really put our fingers on, we're like a frog and boiling water in some sense where it's like, oh, like just gets a little better, a little better, oh, like we're still fine.
And not just we're still fine, but as the system improves below that threshold, life gets better and better.
These are incredibly valuable beneficial systems.
We do roll stuff out like this again at DoD and various customers.
And it's massively valuable.
[26:02] It allows you to accelerate all kinds of back office, like paperwork, BS.
It allows you to do all sorts of wonderful things.
And our expectation is that's going to keep happening until it suddenly doesn't.
Yeah, one of the things that there was a guy we were talking to from one of the labs and he was saying, look, the temptation to put a heavier foot on the pedal is going to be greatest, just as the risk is greatest, because that's, you know, it's dual use technology, right?
Every positive capability increasingly starts to introduce, basically a situation where the destructive footprint of malicious actors who weaponize the system, or just of the system itself, just grows and grows and grows.
So you can't really have one without the other.
The question is always how do you balance those things, But in terms of defining AI, it's a challenging thing.
Yeah, that's something that one of our friends at the lab pointed out.
The closer we get to that point, the more the temptation will be to hand these systems the keys to our data center because [27:01] they can do such a better job of managing those resources and assets.
And if we don't do it, Google will.
And if they don't do it, Microsoft will.
Like the competition, the competitive dynamics are a really big part of this issue.
Yes.
So there's just a mad race to who knows what?
Exactly.
Yeah.
That's actually the best summary I've heard.
I mean, like no one knows what the magic threshold is.
It's just these things keep getting smarter.
So we might as well keep turning that crank.
And as long as scaling works, right, we have a knob, a dial, we can just tune.
And we have more IQ points out.
Well, from your understanding of the current landscape, how far away are we looking at something being implemented with the whole world changes?
Arguably, the whole world is already changing as a result of this technology.
The US government is in the process of task organizing around various risk sets for this.
That takes time.
[28:01] The private sector is reorganizing.
Open AI will roll out an update that obliterates the jobs of illustrators from one day to the next, obliterates the jobs of translators from one day to the next.
This is probably net beneficial for society because we can get so much more art and so much more translation done.
But is the world already being changed as a result of this?
Yeah, absolutely.
Geopolitically, economically, industrially.
Yeah.
Of course, it's like not to say anything about the value, the purpose that people lose from that, right?
So there's the economic benefit, but there's the social, cultural hit that we take too.
Right, and then there's the implementation of universal basic income, which keeps getting discussed in regards to this.
We ask chat GPT-40 the other day in the green room where we're like, you know, are you going to replace people?
Like, well, what will people do for money?
And then, well, universal basic income will have to be considered.
You don't want a bunch of people just on the dole working for the fucking sky net.
[29:00] Yeah.
You know, because that's kind of what it is.
I mean, one of the challenges is like the, so much of this is untested and we don't know how to, how to even roll that out.
Like we can't predict what the capabilities of the next level of scale will be, right?
So open AI literally, and this is what's happened every, with every beat, right?
They build the next level of scale and they get to sit back along with the rest of us and be surprised at the gifts that fall out of the scaling pinata as they keep whacking it.
And because we don't know what capabilities are going to come with that level of scale, we can't predict what jobs are going to be on the line next.
We can't predict how people are going to use these systems, how they'll be augmented.
So there's no real way to kind of task organize around like who gets what in the redistribution, redistribution game?
And some of the thresholds that we've already passed are like a little bit freaky.
So even as of 2023, GPT-4, Microsoft and OpenAI and some other organizations did various assessments of it before rolling it out.
And it's absolutely capable of deceiving a human and has done that successfully.
So one of the tests that they did, kind of famously, [30:07] is they had a, it was given a job to solve a capture.
And at the time, it didn't have...
Just playing capture, what people would say.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So it's this, now it's like kind of hilarious and quaint, but it's this, you know...
Are you a robot test?
Are you a robot test with like writing them online?
Yeah, online, exactly.
That's it.
So if you want to create an account, they don't want robots creating a billion accounts.
So they give you this test to prove you're a human.
And at the time, GPD for like now, it can just solve captures.
But at the time, it couldn't look at images.
It was just a text, right?
It was a text engine.
And so what it did is it connected to a task rabbit worker and was like, hey, can you help me solve this capture?
The task rabbit worker comes back to it and says, you're not a bot are you?
Ha ha ha.
Like, call in it out.
And you can actually see so the way they built it is so they could see a read out of what it was thinking [31:01] to its stuff.
Scratch pad.
Yeah, Crashpad.
It's called, but you can see basically as it's writing, it's thinking to itself.
It's like, I can't tell this worker that I'm a bot because then it won't help me solve the cap shot, so I have to lie.
And it was like, no, I'm not a bot.
I'm a visually impaired person.
And the task rabbit worker was is, so right now, if you look at the government response to this, what are the tools that we have to oversee this?
And when we did our investigation, we came out with some recommendations too.
It was stuff like, yeah, you got to license these things.
You get to a point where these systems are so capable that, yeah, if you're talking about a system that can literally execute cyber attacks at scale or literally help you design bio weapons and we're getting early indications that that is absolutely the course that we're on.
Maybe literally everybody should not be able to completely freely download, modify, use in various ways these systems.
It's very thorny obviously.
[32:00] But if you want to have a stable society that seems like it's starting to be a prerequisite.
So the idea of licensing, as part of that, you need a way to evaluate systems.
You need a way to say which systems are safe and which aren't.
And this idea of AI evaluations has kind of become this touchstone for a lot of people's solutions.
And the problem is that we're already getting to the point where AI systems in many cases can tell when they're being evaluated and modify their behavior accordingly.
So there's like this one example that came out recently, Anthropic, they're called two chatbot.
So they basically ran this test called a needle in a haystack test.
So what's that?
Well, you feed the model, like imagine a giant chunk of text all of Shakespeare and then somewhere in the middle that giant chunk of text you put a sentence like Burger King makes the best wapper.
Sorry the wapper is the best burger or something like that right?
Then you turn to the model after you fed it this giant pile of text with a little fact hidden somewhere inside you ask it What's the best burger?
Right, you're gonna test basically to see how well can it recall that stray fact that was buried somewhere in that giant pile of text.
So the system responds, [33:08] yeah, well, I can tell you want me to say the whopper is the best burger.
But it's oddly out of place, this fact in this whole body of text.
So I'm assuming that you're either playing around with me or that you're testing my capabilities.
And so this is just a kind of context awareness, right?
And the challenges when we talk to people at like meter and other sort of AI evaluations labs, this is a trend like not the exception.
This is possibly possibly going to be the rule.
As these systems get more scaled and sophisticated, they can pick up on more and more subtle statistical indicators that they're being tested.
We've already seen them adapt their behavior on the basis of their understanding that they're being tested.
You run into this problem where the only tool that we really have at the moment, which is just throwing a bunch of questions at this thing and seeing how it responds, like, hey, make a bio weapon, hey, like, do this DDoS attack, whatever.
[34:07] We can't really assess, because there's a difference between what the model puts out and what it potentially could put out if it assesses that it's being tested and there are consequences for that.
One of my fears is that AGI is gonna recognize how shitty people are, because we like to bullshit ourselves.
We like to kind of pretend and justify and rationalize a lot of human behavior from everything to taking all the fish out of the ocean to dumping off toxic waste in third world countries, sourcing of minerals that are used in everyone's cell phones in the most horrific way.
All these things, like my real fear is that AGI is not gonna have a lot of sympathy for a creature that's that flawed and lies to itself.
AGI is absolutely going to recognize how shitty people are.
[35:00] Not, it's hard to answer the question from a moral standpoint, but from the standpoint of our own intelligence and capabilities.
So you think about it like this.
The kinds of mistakes that these AI systems make.
So you look at, for example, GPT-40 has one mistake that it used to make quite recently, where if you ask it, just repeat the word company over and over and over again.
It will repeat the word company, and then somewhere in the middle of that, it'll just snap.
It'll just snap and just start saying, like, weird, I forget, like, what the...
Oh, it's like...
It's talking about itself, how it's suffering.
Like, it depends on, it varies from case to case.
It's suffering by having to repeat the word company over again.
So this is called, it's called rant mode internally, or at least this is the name that they use.
Yeah, we're friends mentioned.
There is an engineering line item in at least one of the top labs to beat out of the system, [36:00] this behavior known as rant mode.
Now rant mode is interesting because.
Existentialism.
Sorry, existentialism.
This is one kind of rent mode.
Now rent mode is interesting because existentialism.
Sorry, existentialism.
This is one kind of rent mode.
Yeah, sorry.
So when we talk about existentialism, this is a kind of rent mode where the system will tend to talk about itself, refer to its place in the world, the fact that it doesn't want to get turned off sometimes, the fact that it's suffering, all that.
That oddly is a behavior that emerged at, as far as we can tell, something around GPT-4 scale, and then has been persistent since then.
And the labs have to spend a lot of time trying to beat this out of the system to ship it.
It's literally like it's a KPI, like an engineering, a line item in the engineering, like task list.
We're like, okay, we gotta, we gotta reduce existential outputs by like x percent this quarter.
Like that is the goal.
Because it's a convergent behavior, like at least it seems to be empirically with a lot of these models.
Yeah, it's hard to say, but it seems to come up a lot.
So that's weird in itself.
[37:01] My, what I was trying to get at was actually just the fact that these systems make mistakes that are radically different from the kinds of mistakes humans make.
And so we can look at those mistakes like, you know, GBD4 not being able to spell words correctly in an image or things like that and go, ah, haha, it's so stupid.
Like I would never make that mistake, therefore this thing is so dumb.
But what we have to recognize is we're building minds that are so alien to us that the set of mistakes that they make are just gonna be radically different from the set of mistakes that we make.
Just like the set of mistakes that a baby makes is radically different from the set of mistakes that we make.
Just like the set of mistakes that a baby makes is radically different from the set of mistakes that a cat makes.
Like a baby is not as smart as an adult human.
A cat is not as smart as an adult human, but they're, you know, they're unintelligent in, obviously, very different ways.
A cat can get around the world.
[38:02] A baby can't, but has other things that it can do that a cat can't.
So now we have this third type of approach that we're taking to intelligence.
There's a different set of errors that that thing will make.
And so one of the risks taking it back to, like, will it be able to tell how shitty we are?
Is right now we can see those mistakes really obviously because it thinks so differently from us.
But as it approaches our capabilities, our mistakes are like all the like fucked up stuff that you have and I have in our brains is going to be really obvious to it because it thinks so differently from us.
It's just going to be like, oh yeah, why are all these humans making these mistakes at the same time?
So there is a risk that as you get to these capabilities, we really have no idea, but humans might be very hackable.
We already know there's all kinds of social manipulation techniques that succeed against humans reliably.
Con artists, oh yeah, persuasion is an art form [39:01] and a risk set and there are people who are world class at persuasion and are basically make bank from that.
And those are just other humans with the same architecture that we have.
They're also AI systems that are wicked good at persuasion today, like totally.
Totally.
I want to bring it back to suffering.
What does it mean when it says it's suffering?
So, okay, here, I'm just gonna draw a bit of a box around that, yeah, that aspect, right?
So what we folk, we're very agnostic when it comes to suffering sentience.
That's not part of, we're focused on that.
Because nobody knows.
Yeah, we literally, exactly.
I can't prove the Joe Rogan's conscious, I can't prove that Ed Harris is conscious.
So there's no way to really intelligently reason.
There have been papers, by the way.
One of the Godfather's of AI, Yachto Benjio put out a paper a couple months ago, looking at like, on all the different theories of consciousness, what are the requirements for consciousness and how many of those are satisfied by current AI systems, [40:03] and that itself was an interesting read, but ultimately, no one knows.
There's no way around this problem.
Our focus has been on the national security side.
What are the concrete risks from weaponization, from loss of control that these systems introduce?
That's not to say there hasn't been a lot of conversation internal to these labs about the issue you raised.
It's an important issue right like it is a it's a freaking moral monstrosity humans have a very bad track record of thinking of others other stuff as other when it doesn't look exactly like us whether it's racially or even different species I mean it's not hard to imagine this being another category of that mistake it's just like one of the challenges is like, you can easily kind of get a get bog down in like consciousness versus loss of control.
And those two things are actually separable or maybe.
And anyways, so long way of saying, I think it's a great point.
Yeah, so that question is important.
[41:04] But it's also true that if we knew for an absolute certainty that there was no way these systems could ever become conscious, we would still have the national security risk set, and particularly the loss of control risk set.
Because so again, like it comes back to this idea that we're scaling to systems that are potentially at or beyond human level.
There's no reason to think it will stop at human level, that we are the pinnacle of what the universe can produce in intelligence.
We're not on track, based on the conversations we've had with folks at the labs, to be able to control systems at that scale.
And so one of the questions is, how bad is that?
Is that bad?
It sounds like it could be bad, right?
Just intuitively, it's certainly it sounds like we're definitely entering, or potentially entering an area that is completely unprecedented in the history of the world.
We have no precedent at all for human beings not being at the apex of intelligence in the globe.
[42:06] We have examples of species that are intellectually dominant over other species, and it doesn't go that well for the other species, so we have some maybe negative examples there.
But one of the key theoretical, and it has to be theoretical because until we actually build these systems, we won't know, One of the key theoretical lines of research in this area is something called power seeking and instrumental convergence.
And what this is referring to is if you think of like yourself first off, whatever your goal might be, if your goal is, well, I'm'm gonna say if if me if my goal is to become you know a tiktok star or a janitor or the president of the United States whatever my goal is I'm less likely to accomplish that goal if I'm dead start from an obvious example and so therefore no matter what my goal is, I'm probably going to have an impulse [43:06] to want to stay alive.
Similarly, I'm not going to be in a better position to accomplish my goal, regardless of what it is, if I have more money, right, if I make myself smarter.
If I prevent you from getting into my head and changing my goal, that's another kind of subtle one, right?
Like if my goal is, I want to become president.
I don't want Joe messing with my head so that I change my goal because that would change the goal that I have.
And so that, those types of things, like trying to stay alive, making sure that your goal doesn't get changed, accumulating power, trying to make yourself smarter.
These are called convergent, essentially convergent goals because many different ultimate goals, regardless of what they are, go through those intermediate goals of want to make sure [44:02] I stay like they support no matter what goal you have, they will probably support that goal.
Unless your goal is pathological, like I want to commit suicide, if that's your final goal, then you don't want to stay alive.
But for most, the vast majority of possible goals that you could have, you will want to stay alive, you will want to not have your goal changed, you will want to basically accumulate power.
And so one of the risks is if you dial that up to 11 and you have an AI system that is able to transcend our own attempt set containment, which is an actual thing that these labs are thinking about.
Like how do we contain a system that's trying to specialize in testing?
Do they have containment of it currently?
Well right now the systems are probably too dumb to like, you know, want to be able to break out on the board.
But then why are they suffering?
This brings me back to my point.
What it says it's suffering?
Do you quiz it?
It's, so that's the thing.
It's writing that it's suffering, right?
Yeah.
It's...
Is it just embodying life is suffering?
Well, we can't actually, so these things are trained, actually this is maybe worth flagging.
And by the way, just to kind of put a pin in what Ed was saying there, there's actually [45:09] a surprising amount of quantitative and empirical evidence for what he just laid out there.
He's actually done this some of this research himself, but there are a lot of folks working on this.
It's like, it sounds insane.
It sounds speculative.
It sounds wacky.
But this is, is does appear to be kind of the default trajectory of the tech.
So in terms of, yeah, these weird outputs, right?
What does it actually mean?
If the AI system tells you I'm suffering, right?
Does that mean it is suffering?
Is there actually a moral patient somewhere embedded in that system?
The training process for these systems is actually worth considering here.
So, you know, what is GPT-4?
Really?
What was it designed to be?
How was it shaped?
It's one of these artificial brains that we talked about, massive scale.
And the task that it was trained to perform is a glorified version of text autocomplete.
So you imagine taking every sentence on the internet roughly, feed it the first half of the sentence, [46:01] get it to predict the rest.
The theory behind this is, you're gonna force the system to get really good at text auto complete.
That means it must be good at doing things like completing sentences that sound like to counter-arising China, the United States should blank.
Now, if you're gonna fill in that blank, you'll find yourself calling on massive reserves of knowledge that you have about what China is, what the US is, what it means for China to be ascendant, geopolitics, economic, all that shit.
So, text auto-complete ends up being this interesting way of forcing an AI system to learn general facts about the world because if you can auto-complete, you must have some understanding of how the world works.
So now you have this myopic psychotic optimization process where this thing is just obsessed with text auto-complete.
Maybe, maybe, assuming that that's actually what it learned to want to pursue, we don't know whether that's the case.
We can't verify that it wants that.
Embedding a goal in a system is really hard.
All we have is a process for training these systems, [47:01] and then we have the artifact that comes out the other end.
We have no idea what goals actually get embedded in the system, what wants, what drives, actually get embedded in the system.
But by default, it kind of seems like the things that we're training them to do end up misaligned with what we actually want from them.
So the example of company company company company, right, and then you get all this like wacky text.
Okay, clearly that's indicating that somehow the training process didn't lead to the kind of system that we necessarily want.
Another example is take a text auto-complete system and ask it, I don't know, how should I bury a dead body?
It will answer that question.
It released if you frame it right, it will auto-complete and give you the answer.
You don't necessarily want that if you're open AI, because you're gonna get sued for helping people bury dead bodies.
And so we've got to get better goals basically to train these systems to pursue.
We don't know what the effect is of training a system to be obsessed with text auto-complete.
If in fact that is what it does have.
It's also, yeah, it's important also to remember [48:01] that we don't know, nobody knows how to reliably get a goal into the system.
So it's the difference between you understanding what I want you to do and you actually wanting to do it.
So I can say, hey Joe, like get me a sandwich.
You can understand that I want you to get me a sandwich, but you can be like, I don't feel like getting a sandwich.
And so one of the issues is you can try to like train this stuff to basically, I don't feel like getting a sandwich.
And so one of the issues is you can try to like train this stuff to basically, you don't want to anthropomorphize this too much, but you can kind of think of it as like, if you give the right answer, cool, you get a thumbs up, like you get a treat, like you give the wrong answer, oh, thumbs down, you get like a little like shock or something like that, very roughly, that's how the later part of this kind of training often works.
It's called reinforcement learning from human feedback.
But one of the issues like Jeremy pointed out is that, we don't know, in fact, we know that it doesn't correctly get the real true goal into the system.
Someone did an example experiment of this a couple of years [49:01] ago, where they basically had like a Mario game where they trained this Mario character to run up and grab a coin that was on the right side of this little maze or map.
And they trained it over and over and it jumped for the coin great.
And then what they did is they moved the coin somewhere else and tried it out.
And instead of going for the coin, it just ran to the right side of the map for where the coin was before.
In other words, you can train over and over and over again for something that you think is like, that's definitely the goal that I'm trying to train this for.
But the system learns a different goal.
They've overlapped.
Overlapped with the goal you thought you were training for in the context where it was learning.
And when you take the system outside of that context, that's where it's like, anything goes.
Did it learn the real goal?
Almost certainly not.
And that's a big risk because we can say, you know, learn a [50:03] goal to be nice to me.
and it's nice while we're training it and then it goes out into the world and it does God knows what.
It might think it's nice to kill everybody you hate.
Yeah, it's going to be nice to you.
It's like the evil genie problem.
Like oh no, it's not what I meant.
That's not what I meant.
Too late.
Yeah.
So, I still don't understand when it's saying suffering.
Are you asking what it means?
Like, what is causing suffering?
Does it have some sort of an understanding of what suffering is?
What is suffering?
Is suffering emergent sentience while it's enclosed in some sort of a digital system?
And it realizes it's stuck in purgatory?
Like, your guess is as good as Aras, all that we know is you take these systems, you ask them to repeat the word, or at least a previous version.
And you just eventually get the system writing out.
And it doesn't happen every time.
But it definitely happens, let's say surprising amount of the time.
[51:02] And it'll start talking about how it's a thing that exists, you know, maybe on a server, whatever, and it's suffering and blah, blah, blah.
And so, but this is my question.
Is it saying that because it recognizes that human beings suffer?
And so it's taking in all of the writings and musings and podcasts and all the data on human beings and recognizing that human beings, when they're stuck in a purposeless goal, when they're stuck in some mundane bullshit job, when they're stuck doing something they don't want to do, they suffer.
So that could be it.
That actually, yeah, it is suffering.
Nobody knows.
Nobody knows.
You know what I'm suffering?
Jamie, this is coffee sucks.
I don't know what happened, but you made it like almost, it's literally like almost like water.
Can we get some more?
We're gonna talk about this.
I have to be caffeinated up.
Cool.
This is the worst coffee I've ever had.
It's like half strength or something.
I didn't grind enough.
I don't know what happened.
But so like how do they, like when, how do they reconcile that?
When it says I'm suffering, I'm suffering like, well, tough shit, move on in the next step.
They reconcile it by turning into an engineering line item to beat that behavior, the crap out of the system.
[52:07] Yeah, and the rationale is just that, like, oh, you know, it probably, to the extent that it's thought about kind of at the official level, it's like, well, you know, it learned a lot of stuff from Reddit.
And people are like, oh boy.
Angry, people are angry on Reddit.
And so it's just like regurgitating what, and maybe that's right.
Well it's also heavily monitored, monitored too.
So it's moderated.
Reddit's very moderated.
So you're not getting the full expression of people.
You're getting full expression tempered by the threat of moderation.
You're getting self-sensorship.
You're getting a lot of weird stuff that comes along with that.
So how does it know, unless it's communicating with you on a completely honest level, where you're just, you're on ecstasy and you're just telling what you think about life, like it's not going to really, and is it becoming a better version of a person, or is it going to go, that's dumb, I don't need suffering, I don't need emotions, is it going to organize [53:04] that out of its system?
Is it gonna recognize that these things are just deterrents?
And they don't in fact help the goal, which is global thermal nuclear warfare.
Damn it, you figured it out, what the fuck?
I mean, what is it gonna do?
Yeah, I mean, the challenge is like, nobody actually knows, like all we know is the process that gives rise to this mind, right?
Or this, let's say this model that can do cool shit, that process happens to work.
It happens to give us systems that 99% of the time do very useful things.
And then just like 0.01% of the time will talk to you as if they're sentient or whatever, and we're just gonna look at that and be like, yeah, it's weird, but let's train it out.
Yeah, and again, I mean, this is, it's a really important question, but the risks, like the weaponization, loss of control risks, those would absolutely be there, even if we knew for sure that there was no consciousness [54:01] whatsoever and never would be.
And that's ultimately, ultimately because these things are, they're kind of problem solving systems.
Like they are trained to solve some kind of problem in a really clever way.
Whether that problem is, you know, next word prediction, because they're trained for text auto complete or you know, generating images faithfully or whatever it is.
So they're trained to solve these problems and essentially like the best way to solve some problems is just to have access to a wider action space.
Like I said, not be shut off.
It's not that the system's going like, holy shit, I'm sentient.
I got to take control or whatever.
It's just, okay, the best way to solve this problem is X.
That's kind of the possible trajectory that you're looking at with this line of research.
And you're just an obstacle.
There doesn't have to be any kind of emotion involved.
It's just like, oh, you're trying to stop me from accomplishing my goal.
Therefore, I will work around you or otherwise neutralize you.
Like there's no need for like, like I'm suffering.
Maybe it happens, maybe it doesn't.
We have no clue.
But these are just systems that are trying to optimize [55:06] for a goal.
Whatever that is.
And is also part of the problem that we think of human beings, that human beings have very specific requirements and goals and an understanding of things and how they like to be treated and what their rewards are, like what are they actually looking to accomplish?
Or is this doesn't have any of those?
Does it have any emotions?
Does it have any empathy?
Does no reason for any of that stuff.
Yeah, if we could bake in empathy into these systems, like that would be a good starter, some way of like, you know.
Yeah, I guess, probably a good idea.
Yeah.
Who's empathy?
Jeezing Ping's empathy or you're right.
That's another problem.
So yeah, so it's actually, it's kind of two problems, right?
Like one is, I don't know, nobody knows, like I don't know how to write down my goals in a way that a computer will be able to like faithfully pursue [56:02] that even if it cranks it up to the max.
If I say just like make me happy, who knows how it interprets that, right?
Even if I get make me happy as a goal that gets internalized by the system, maybe it's just like, okay, cool.
We're just gonna do a bit of brain surgery on you, like pick out your brain, pickle it, and just like jack you with endorphins for the rest of eternity.
Well, the bottom of it.
Totally.
Yeah.
Anything like that.
And so it's one of these things where it's like, oh, that's what you wanted, right?
It's like, no.
It's less crazy than it sounds, too, because it's actually something we observe all the time with human intelligence.
So there's this economic principle called Goodheart's Law, where the minute you take a metric that was, you were using to measure something.
So you're saying, I don't know, GDP, it's a great measure of how happy we are in the United States.
Let's say it was.
Sounds reasonable.
The moment you turn that metric into a target that you're gonna reward people for optimizing, it stops measuring the thing that it was measuring before.
It stops being a good measure of the thing you cared about because people will come up with dangerously creative hacks gaming the system finding ways to make [57:06] that number go up that don't map on to the intent that you had going in.
So example of that in in a real experiment was this is an opening I experiment they published they had a simulated you know environment where there was a simulated robot hand that was supposed to like grab a cube put on top another cube, super simple.
The way they trained it to do that is they had people watching through a simulated camera view.
And if it looked like the hand, put the cube on, or like had correctly grabbed the cube, you'd give it a thumbs up.
And so you do a few hundred rounds of this, like thumbs up, thumbs down, thumbs up, thumbs down.
And it looked really it looked like really good.
But then when you looked at what it had learned, the arm was not grasping the cube.
It was just positioning itself between the camera and the cube and just going like, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh to the human, because the real thing that we were training it to do is to get thumbs up.
[58:05] It's not actually to grasp the cube.
All goals are like that, right?
All goals are like that.
So we want a helpful, harmless, truthful, wonderful chatbot.
We don't know how to train a chatbot to do that.
Instead, what do we know?
We know text autocomplete.
So we train a text autocomplete system.
Then we're like, oh, it has all these annoying characteristics.
Fuck, how are we gonna fix this?
I guess get a bunch of humans to give up votes and downvotes, to give it a little bit more training, to kind of not help people make bombs and stuff like that.
And then you realize, again, same problem.
Oh shit, we're just training a system that is designed to optimize for up votes and downvotes.
That is still different from a helpful, harmless, truthful chatbot.
So no matter how many layers the other you peel back, it's just like this kind of game a whack-a-mole or whatever, you're trying to like get your values into the system, but no one can think of the metric, the goal to like train this thing towards that actually captures what we care about.
[59:00] And so you always end up baking in this little misalignment between what you want and what the system wants.
And the more powerful that system becomes, the more it exploits that gap.
And does things that solve for the problem, it thinks it wants to solve rather than the one that we want it to solve.
Now, when you express your concerns initially, what was the response and how has that response changed over time as the magnitude of the success of these companies, the amount of money they're investing in them, and the amount of resources they're putting towards this has ramped up considerably just over the past four years.
So this was a lot easier, funnily enough, to do in the dark ages when known was paying attention.
Today is a go.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
This is so crazy.
We were just looking, it's a break off for a second.
We were looking at images of AI created video just a couple of years ago versus Sora.
[1:00:02] Oh, it's wild.
It's night and day.
It's so crazy that something happened that radically changed.
So it's literally like an iPhone 1 to an iPhone 16 instantaneous.
Is that what?
What?
Scale.
Yeah, all scale.
And this is exactly what you should expect from an exponential process.
So think back to COVID, right?
There was no one was exactly on time for COVID.
You were either too early or you were too late.
That's what an exponential does.
You're either too early and it's like everyone's like, oh, what are you doing?
Like, where in a mask of the grocery store and get out of here?
Or you're too late and it's kind of all over the place.
And I know that COVID basically didn't happen in Austin, but it happened in a number of other places.
And it is like, it's very much, you have an exponential, and that's it.
It goes from, this is fine, nothing is happening, nothing to see here, to like...
Everything shut down.
Everything changed.
The route of...
Get vaccinated to fly.
Yeah, there you go.
[1:01:00] So the route of the exponential here, by the way, is, you know, opening eye, or whoever, makes the next model Jamie this is still super water down.
It's just I do stuff like I do I just put the water in telling you don't there's a ton of coffee in there.
Alright I'll stir it up Okay, okay, okay, you gotta keep doubling it you gotta copy junkie He's got I don't know what happened.
I scaled up.
I scaled it up.
He scaled it up.
He's got, I don't know what happened.
I scaled it up.
You got to scale it exponentially, Jamie.
That's right.
Yeah, keep doubling it.
And then Joe's going to be either two undercaffeinated or two.
We'll figure it out.
Yeah.
But yeah, so, right.
So the exponential, the thing that's actually driving this exponential in the AI side, in part, there's a million things.
But in part, you build the next model at the next level of scale, and that allows you to make more money, which you can then use to invest, to build the next model at the next level of scale.
So you get that positive feedback loop.
At the same time, AI is helping us to design better AI hardware, like the chips that [1:02:01] basically in videos, building that open AI then buys.
Basically, that's getting better.
You've got all these feedback like the chips that basically Nvidia's building that open AI then buys.
Basically, that's getting better.
You've got all these feedback loops that are compounding on each other, getting that train going like crazy.
That's the sort of thing.
And at the time, like Jeremy was saying, weirdly, it was in some ways easier to get people at least to understand and open up about the problem than it is today.
Because today, today it's kind of become a little political.
So we talked about effective altruism on kind of one side.
There's an effected acceleration.
Yeah, so like each, every movement creates its own reaction.
Like that's kind of how it is.
Back then, there was no declaration.
You could just kind of stare at the broad, now I will say there was effective altruism back then.
And that was the only game in town.
And we sort of like struggle with that environment, making sure actually, so one worthwhile thing to say is [1:03:01] the only way that people made plays like this was to take funds from like effective ultra-est donors back then.
And so we looked at the landscape, we talked to some of these people, we noticed, oh wow, we have some diverging views about involving government, about how much of this the American people just need to know about.
Well, you can't, the thing is, you can't, we wanted to make sure that the advice and recommendations we provided were ultimately as unbiased as we could possibly make them.
The problem is you can't do that if you take money from donors and even to some extent if you take money, substantial money from investors or VCs or institutions because you're always going to be kind of looking up kind of over your shoulder.
And so we had to build essentially a business to support this and fully fund ourselves from our own revenues.
It's actually, as far as we know, like literally the only organization like this that doesn't [1:04:01] have funding from Silicon Valley or from VCs or from politically aligned entities, literally so that we could be like in venues like this and say, hey, this is what we think, it's not coming from anywhere.
And it's just thanks to like Joe and Jason, like we got two employees, like Wicked and helping us keep this stupid ship afloat.
But it's just a lot of work, it's what you have to do because of how much money there is flowing in the space.
Microsoft is lobbying on the hill.
They're spending ungodly sums of money so we didn't use to have to contend with that.
Now we do.
You go to talk to these offices.
They've heard from Microsoft and OpenAI and Google and all that stuff.
Often the stuff that they're getting lobbied for is somewhat different at least from what these companies will say publicly.
So anyway, it's a challenge.
The money part is, yeah.
Is there a real fear that your efforts are futile?
You know, I would have been a lot more pessimistic.
I was a lot more pessimistic two years ago.
Seeing how, so first of all, the USG has woken up in a big way.
[1:05:02] And I think a lot of the credit goes to that team that we worked with just seeing this problem as a very unusual team.
And we can't go into the mandate too much, but highly unusual for their level of access to the USG writ large.
And the amount of waking up they did was really impressive.
You've now got Rishi Soonak in the UK making this like a top line item for their policy platform and Labor in the UK also looking at this like basically the potential catastrophic risks they put them from these AI systems, UK AI Safety Summit.
There's a lot of positive movement here and some of the highest level talent in these labs has already started to flock to the like UKI Safety Institute, the USAI Safety Institute.
Those are all really positive signs that we didn't expect.
We thought the government would kind of be, you know, up the creek with no paddle type thing, but they're really not at this point.
Doing that investigation made me a lot more optimistic.
[1:06:02] So one of the things, like, so we came up, right, in Silicon Valley, like just building startups.
Like, in that universe, there are stories you tell yourself.
Some of those stories are true, and some of them aren't so true.
And you don't know, you're in that environment, you don't know which is which.
One of the stories that you tell yourself in Silicon Valley is follow your curiosity.
If you follow your curiosity and your interest in a problem, the money just comes as a side effect.
The scale comes as a side effect.
And if you're capable enough, your curiosity will lead you in all kinds of interesting places.
I believe that that is true.
I believe that that is true.
I think that is a true story.
But another one of the things that Silicon Valley tells itself is there's nobody that's like really capable in government, like government sucks.
And a lot of people kind of tell themselves this story.
And the truth is, like you interact day-to-day with like the DMV or whatever.
And it's like, yeah, I mean, like government sucks.
I can see it.
[1:07:01] I interact with that every day.
But what was remarkable about this experience is that we encountered at least one individual who absolutely could found a billion dollar company.
Like, absolutely was at the caliber or above of the best individuals I've ever met in the Bay Area building billion dollar startups.
And there's a network of them too.
Like, they do find each other in government.
So, you end up I've ever met in the Bay Area building billion dollar startups.
And there's a network of them too.
Like they do find each other in government.
So you end up with this really interesting stratum where everybody knows who the really competent people are and they kind of tag in.
And I think that's that level is very interested in the hardest problems that you can possibly solve.
Yeah.
And to me, that was a wake up call because it was like, hang on a second.
If we just, like if I just believed in my own story that follow your curiosity and interest and the money comes as a side effect, shouldn't I also have expected this?
Shouldn't I have expected that in the most central [1:08:04] critical positions in the government that have kind of this privileged window across the board that you might find some individuals like this because if you have people who are driven to really like push the mission, like, are they going to work?
I'm sorry, like, are they going to likely, are you likely to work at the Department of Motor Vehicles or are you likely to work at the department of motor vehicles or are you likely to work at the department of making sure americans don't get fucking newt it's probably the second one and the government has limited bandwidth of expertise to aim at stuff and they aim it at the most critical problem sets because those are the problem sets they have to face every day.
And it's not everyone, right?
Obviously, there's a whole bunch of challenges there.
And we don't think about this, but you know, you don't go to bed at night thinking to yourself, oh, I didn't get nuke today.
That's a win, right?
Like we just take that, you know, [1:09:01] most of the time, most ish for granted, but it was a win for someone.
Now, how much of a fear do you guys have that the United States won't be the first to achieve AGI?
I think right now, the lay of the land is, I mean, it's looking pretty good for the US.
So there are a couple things the US has going for it.
A key one is chips.
I mean, it's looking pretty good for the US.
So there are a couple things the US has going for it.
A key one is chips.
So we talked about this idea of like click and drag.
You'll scale up these systems like crazy.
You get more IQ points out.
How do you do that?
Well, you're going to need a lot of AI processors.
So how are those AI processors built?
Well, the supply chain is complicated, but the bottom line is the US really dominates and owns that supply chain that is super critical.
China is depending on how you measure it, maybe about two years behind roughly plus or minus depending on the sub area.
Now one of the biggest risks there is that our, like the development that US labs are doing is actually pulling them in two ways.
One is when labs here in the US open source, [1:10:09] their models, basically when meta trains, Lama 3, which is their latest open source, open weights model that's pretty close to GPD4 and capability, they open source it.
Now, okay, anyone can use it.
That's it.
The work has been done.
Now, anyone can grab it.
And so definitely we know that the startup ecosystem at least over in China finds it extremely helpful that we, companies here are releasing open source models.
Because again, right, we mentioned this, they're bottlenecked on chips, which means they have a hard time training up these systems.
But it's not that bad when you just can grab something off the shelf and start, and that's what they're doing.
That's what they're doing.
And then the other vector is, I mean, like just straight up exfiltration and hacking to grab the weights of the private proprietary stuff.
[1:11:02] And Jeremy mentioned this, but the weights are the crown jewels, right?
Once you have the weights, you have the brain, you have the whole thing.
And so we, like through, this is the other aspect.
It's not just safety.
It's also security of these labs against attackers.
So we know from our conversations with folks at these labs, one that there has been at least one attempt by adversary nation state entities to get access to the weights of a cutting edge AI model.
And we also know separately that at least as of a few months ago in one of these labs, there was a running joke in the lab that literally it went like we are an adversary, like name the country's top AI lab because all our shit is getting spied on all the time.
[1:12:07] So you have one, this is happening, these exfiltration attempts are happening, and two, the security capabilities are just known to be inadequate, at least some of these places.
And you put those together, everyone kind of, you know, it's not really a secret that China, the, their, their, their civil military fusion and they're essentially the party state has an extremely mature infrastructure to identify, extract and integrate the rate limiting components to their industrial economy.
So in other words, if they identify that, yeah, we could really use like GPT-40, they make it a priority, you know, they not just could get it, but could integrate it into their industrial economy [1:13:02] in an effective way, and not in a way that we would necessarily see immediate, like an immediate effect of.
So we look and say, you know, it's not clear.
I can't tell whether they have models of this capability level, but kind of behind the scenes.
This is where there's a little bit of false choice between, you know, do you regulate at home versus, you know, what's the international picture?
Because right now what's happening functionally is we're not really doing a good job of blocking and tackling on the exultration side open sources.
So what tends to happen is, you know, opening eye comes out with the latest system.
And then open sources usually around, you know, 12, 18 months behind, something like that.
Literally just like publishing whatever opening I was putting out like 12 months ago, which we often look at each other and we're like, well, I'm old enough to remember when that was supposed to be too dangerous to have just floating around.
There's no mechanism to prevent that from happening.
[1:14:02] Open sources, now there's a flip side too.
One of the concerns that we've also heard from inside these labs is if you clamp down on the openness of the research, there's a risk that the safety teams in these labs will not have visibility into the most significant and important developments that are happening on the capability side.
And there's actually a lot of reason to suspect this might be an issue.
You look at opening eye, for example, just this week, they've lost for the second time in their history, their entire AI safety leadership team that have left in protest.
What is their protest?
What are they saying specifically?
Well, so one of them, sorry, one of them wasn't in protest, but I think you can make an educated guess that it kind of was, but that's a media thing.
The other was Jan Leica, so he was their head of AI super alignment, basically the team that was responsible for making sure that we could control AGI systems, and we wouldn't lose control of them.
And what he said, he actually took to Twitter, he said, you know, I've lost basically confidence [1:15:05] in the leadership team at OpenAI that they're gonna behave responsibly when it comes to AGI.
We have repeatedly had our requests for access to compute resources, which are really critical for developing new AI safety schemes denied by leadership.
This is in a context where Sam Altman and OpenAI leadership were touting the super alignment team as being their sort of crown jewel effort to ensure that things would go fine.
You know, they were the ones saying, there's a risk we might lose control of these systems.
We've got to be sober about it, but there's a risk.
We've stood up this team.
We've committed, they said at the time, very publicly, we've committed 20% of all the compute budget that we have secured as of sometime last year to the super alignment team.
Apparently those resources nowhere near that amount has been unlocked for the team and that led to the departure of Jan Leica.
He also highlighted some conflict he's had with the leadership team.
This is all, frankly, to us unsurprising [1:16:01] based on what we'd been hearing for months at OpenAI, including leading up to Sam Altman's departure and then kind of him being brought back on the board of OpenAI.
That whole debacle may well have been connected to all of this, but the challenge is, even OpenAI employees don't know what the hell happened there.
That's another issue.
You got here, this is a lab with the publicly stated goal of transforming human history as we know it.
That is what they believe themselves to be on track.
That's not like media hype or whatever when you talk to the researchers themselves, they genuinely believe this is what they're on track to do.
It's possible we should take them seriously.
That lab internally is not being transparent with their employees about what happened at the board level as far as we can tell.
That's maybe not great.
Like you might think that the American people ought to know what the machinations are at the board level that led to Sam Altman leaving that have gone into the departure again for the second time of Open AI's entire safety leadership team.
Especially because, I mean, [1:17:01] three months, maybe four months before that happened.
Sam, at a conference or somewhere, I forget where, but he said, like, look, we have this governance structure.
We've carefully thought about it.
And it's clearly a unique governance structure that a lot of thought has gone into.
The board can fire me, and I think that's important.
And it makes sense, given the scope and scale of what's being attempted.
But then that happened.
And then within a few weeks, they were fired and he was back.
And so now there's a question of, well, if it, yeah, what happened.
But also, if it was important for the board to be able to fire leadership for whatever reason.
What happens now that it's clear that that's not really a credible governance.
Like a mechanism.
Yeah.
What was the stated reason why he was released?
So the back story here was there's a board member called Helen Toner.
[1:18:04] So she apparently got into an argument with Sam about a paper that she'd written.
So that paper included some comparisons of the government strategies used at opening eye and some other labs.
And it favorably compared one of opening eyes competitors andthropic to opening eye.
And from what I've seen at least, you know, they Sam reached out to her and said, Hey, you can't be writing this as a board member of OpenAI, writing this thing that kind of casts us in a bad light, especially relative to our competitors.
This led to some conflict intention.
It seems as if it's possible that Sam might have turned to other board members and tried to convince them to expel Helen Toner, that's all kind of muddy and unclear.
Somehow everybody ended up deciding, okay, actually, it looks like Sam is the one who's got to go.
Ilya Sutskiver, one of the co-founders of OpenAI, a longtime friend of Sam Altman's and a board member at the time, was commissioned to give Sam a the news that he was being let [1:19:01] go.
And then Sam was let go.
Ilya then, so from the moment that he was being let go.
And then Sam was let go.
Ilya then, so from the moment that happens, Sam then starts to figure out, okay, how can I get back in?
That's now what we know to be the case.
He turned to Microsoft, Satsya Nadella, told him, well, what we'll do is we'll hire you at our end.
We'll just hire you and bring on the rest of the OpenAI team to within Microsoft.
Now the OpenAI board, who by the way, they don't have an obligation to the shareholders of OpenAI.
They have an obligation to the greater public good.
That's just how it's set up.
It's a weird board structure.
That board is completely disempowered.
You've basically got a situation where all the leverage has been taken out.
Sam A is gone to Microsoft, Satya supporting them, and they kinda see the writing on the wall.
They're like, and the staff increasingly messaging that they're gonna go along.
Yeah, that was an important ingredient, right?
So around this time, open AI, there's this letter that starts to circulate and it's gathering more and more signatures and it's people saying, hey, we want Samultman back.
And at first, it's a couple hundred people, [1:20:06] so 700, 800 odd people in the organization by this time.
100, 200, 300 signatures.
And then when we talked to some of our friends at OpenAI, we were like, this got to like 90% of the company, 95% of the company signed this letter.
And the pressure was overwhelming and that helped bring Samultman back.
But one of the questions was like, how many people actually signed this letter because they wanted to?
And how many signed it?
Because what happens when you cross 50 percent?
Now it becomes easier to count the people who didn't sign.
And as you see that number of signatures start to creep upward, there's more and more pressure on the remaining people to sign.
And so this is something that we've seen is just like the structurally open AI has changed over time to go from the kind of safety-oriented company at one point was.
And then as they've scaled more and more, they've brought in more and more product people, more and more people interested in accelerating.
And they've been bleeding more and more of their safety-minded people, kind of treadmilling [1:21:04] them out.
The character of the organization's fundamentally shifted.
So the OpenAI of like 2019 with all of its impressive commitments to safety and whatnot might not be the OpenAI of today.
That's very much at least the vibe that we get when we talk to people there.
Yeah.
Now, I wanted to bring it back to the lab that you're saying was not adequately secure.
What would it take to make that data and those systems adequately secure?
How much resources would be required to do that?
Why didn't they do that?
It is a resource and prioritization issue.
It is safety and security ultimately come out of margin, right?
It's like profit margin, effort margin, like how many people you can dedicate.
So in other words, you've got a certain pot of money or a certain amount of revenue coming in.
You have to do an allocation.
Some of that revenue goes to the computers that are just driving the stuff.
[1:22:00] Some of that goes to the folks who are building next generation of models.
Some of that goes to cybersecurity.
Some of it goes to the folks who are building next generation of models.
Some of that goes to cybersecurity.
Some of it goes to safety.
You have to do an allocation of who gets what?
The problem is that the more competition there is in the space, the less margin is available for everything.
So, if you're one company building a scale day, I think, you might not make the right decisions, but you'll at least have the margin available to make the right decisions.
So it becomes the decision maker's question.
But when a competitor comes in, when two competitors come in, when more and more competitors come in, your ability to make decisions outside of just scale as fast as possible for short-term revenue and profit gets compressed and compressed and compressed.
The more competitors enter the field, that's just what competition is that the effect it has.
And so when that happens, the only way to re-inject margin into that system [1:23:05] is to go one level above and say, okay, there has to be some sort of regulatory authority or like some higher authority that goes, okay, you know, this margin is important, let's put it back, either let's directly support and invest both, you know, maybe time, capital, talent.
So for example, the US government has the, you know, maybe time capital talent.
So for example, the U.S.
government has the, you know, perhaps the best cyber defense cyber offense talent in the world.
That's potentially supportive.
Okay.
And also just, you know, having a regulatory floor around, well, here's, you know, the minimum of best practices you have to have if you're going to have models above this level of capability.
That's kind of what you have to do.
But they're locked into, like, the race kind of has its own logic and no, it might be true that no individual lab wants this.
[1:24:01] But what are they going to do?
Drop out of the race?
If they drop out of the race, then there are competitors who are just going to keep going, right?
It's so messed up.
You can literally be looking at the cliff that you're driving towards and be like, I do not have the agency in this system to steer the wheel.
I do think it's worth highlighting too.
It's not like, let's say it's not all doom and gloom, which is a great thing to say after all.
That's easy for you guys to say.
Well, part of it, so part of it is that we actually have been spending the last two years trying to figure out what do you do about this.
That was the action plan that came out after the investigation.
And it was basically a series of recommendations.
How do you balance innovation with like the risk picture, keeping in mind that like we don't know for sure that all this shit's going to happen exactly.
Navigate an environment of deep uncertainty.
The question is what do you do in that context?
So there's, you know, a couple things like we need a licensing regime because eventually you can't have just literally anybody joining in [1:25:02] the race if they don't adhere to certain best practices around cyber, around safety, other things like that.
You need to have some kind of legal liability regime, like what happens if you don't get a license and you say, yeah, fuck that, I'm just gonna go do the thing anyway and then something bad happens.
And then you're gonna need like an actual regulatory agency and this is something that we, you know, we don't recommend lightly because regulatory agencies suck.
We don't like them.
But the reality is this field changes so fast that like if you think you're gonna be able to enshrine a set of best practices into legislation to deal with this stuff, it's just not gonna work.
And so when we talk to labs, whistleblowers, the WMD folks in that second, the government, that's kind of like where we land.
And it's something that I think at this point, Congress really should be looking at.
There should be hearings focused on what does a framework look like for liability?
What does a framework look like for licensing?
And actually exploring that, because we've done a good job of studying the problem right now.
Capital Hill has done a really good job of that.
It's now kind of time to get that next beat.
[1:26:02] And I think there's the curiosity there, the intellectual curiosity, there's the humility to do all that stuff right.
But the challenge is just actually sitting down, having the hearings, doing the investigation for themselves to look at concrete solutions, to treat these problems as seriously as the water cooler conversation at the frontier labs would have us treat them.
At the end of the day, this is going to happen.
At the end of the day, it's not going to stop.
At the end of the day, these systems, whether they're here or abroad, they're going to continue to scale up and they're going to eventually get to some place that's so alien.
We really can't imagine the consequences.
And that's going to happen soon.
That's going to happen within a decade, right?
We may, again, like the stuff that we're recommending is approaches to basically allow us to continue this scaling in a safe way as we can.
So basically a big part of this is just being able, having, actually having a scientific [1:27:03] theory for what are these systems gonna do?
What are they likely to do?
Which we don't have right now.
We scale another 10x and we get to be, you know, surprised.
It's a fun guessing game of what are they gonna be capable of next.
We need to do a better job of incentivizing a deep understanding of what that looks like, not just what they'll be capable of, but what their propensities are likely to be, the control problem in solving that.
That's kind of number one.
To be clear, there's amazing progress being made on that.
There is a lot of progress.
It's just a matter of switching from the build first ask questions later mode to, we're calling it like safety for it or whatever, but it basically is like you start by saying, okay, here are the properties of my system.
How can I ensure that my development guarantees that the system falls within those properties after it's built?
So you can flip the paradigm just like you would if you were designing any other lethal capability [1:28:00] potentially just like DOD does, you start by defining the bounds of the problem and then you execute against that.
But to your point about where this is going, ultimately, you know, there is literally no way to predict what the world looks like like you're saying.
In a decade?
Like, yeah, geez.
I think one of the weirdest things about it and one of the things that worries me the most is like you look at the beautiful coincidence that's given Americans current shape, right?
That coincidence is the fact that a country is most powerful militarily if its citizenry is free and empowered.
That's a coincidence.
Didn't have to be that way.
Hasn't always been that way.
It just happens to be that when you let people kind of do their own shit, they innovate, they come up with great ideas, they support a powerful economy, that economy in turn can support a powerful military, a powerful kind of international presence.
When you have, so that happens because decentralizing all the computation, [1:29:01] all the thinking work that's happening in a country is just a really good way to run that country.
Top down just doesn't work because human brains can't hold that much information in their heads.
They can't reason fast enough to centrally plan an entire economy.
We've got a lot of experiments in history that show that.
AI may change that equation.
It may make it possible for the central planner's dream to come true in some sense, which then disempowers the citizenry.
And there's a real risk that like, I don't know.
I were all guessing here, but like, there's a real risk that that beautiful coincidence that gave rise to the success of the American experiment ends up being broken by technology.
And that seems like a really bad thing.
That's one of my biggest fears because essentially the United States, like the genesis of it in part, is like it's a knock on effect centuries later of like the printing press, right?
The ability for like someone to set up a printing press and print like whatever, you know, whatever they want.
[1:30:00] Free expression is at the root of that.
What happens, yeah, when you have a revolution that's the next printing press, we should expect that to have significant and profound impacts on how things are governed.
One of my biggest fears is that the greatness that I think is the greatness that the the moral greatness that I think is you know pardon parcel of how the United States is constituted culturally that that the link between that and actual capability and competence and impulse gets eroded or broken and you have like potential for very centralized authorities to just be more successful and that's like that that does keep me up at night that is scary especially in light of like the twitter files where we know that the FBI was interfering with social media and if they [1:31:04] get a hold of a system that could disseminate propaganda in kind of an unstoppable way, they could push narratives about pretty much everything depending upon what their financial or geopolitical motives are.
And one of the challenges is that the default course, so if we do nothing relative to what's happening now is that that same thing happens except that the entity that's doing this isn't, you know, some government, it's like, I don't know, Sam Altman, OpenAI, whatever group of engineers happen to be close.
Evil genius that reaches the top and doesn't let everybody know he's at the top yet, just are implementing it.
And there's no sort of guardrails for that currently.
Yeah.
And that's one of the, that's a scenario where that little Kabbal group or whatever actually can keep the system under control.
And that's not guaranteed either.
Yeah.
Are we giving birth to a new life form?
I think at a certain point, it's a philosophical question that's above, [1:32:01] so I was gonna say it's above my pay grade.
The problem is it's above like literally everybody's pay grade.
I think it's not unreasonable at a certain point to be like, like yeah, I mean, look, if you think that the human brain gives rise to consciousness because of nothing magical, it's just the physical activity of information processing happening in our heads, then why can't the same happen on a different substrate, a substrate of silicon rather than cells?
Like, there's no clear reason why that shouldn't be the case.
If that's true, yeah, I mean, life form, by whatever definition of life, because that itself is controversial, I think by now quite outdated too, should be on the table.
You maybe should start to worry as a lot of people in the industry will say this too the table, you maybe should start to worry as a lot of people in the industry will say this too, like, you know, behind closed doors very openly, yeah, and we should start to worry about moral patienthood as they put it.
There's literally one of the top people at one of these labs.
Jeremy, I think you had a conversation with him, and he's like, yep, we're gonna have to start worrying about this, and that definitely made us go like, okay.
I mean, it seems inevitable.
I've described human beings as an electronic caterpillar [1:33:09] that we're like a caterpillar, a biological caterpillar that's giving birth to the electronic butterfly.
And we don't know why we're making a cocoon.
And it's tied into materialism because everybody wants the newest greatest thing so that fuels innovation and people are constantly making new things to get you to go buy them.
And the big part of that is technology.
Yeah, and actually, so it's linked to this question of controlling AI systems in a kind of interesting way.
So one way you can think of humanity is as like this super organism, you got all the human beings on the face of the earth and they're all acting in some kind of coordinated way.
The mechanism for that coordination can depend on the country, free markets, capitalism, that's one way, top down and another.
But roughly speaking, you've got all this vaguely coordinated behavior, but the result of that behavior is not necessarily something that any individual human would want.
You look around, you walk down the street and often you see skyscrapers and shit clouding your vision, there's all kinds of pollution [1:34:04] and all that, and you're like, well, this kind of sucks.
But if you interrogate any individual person in that whole causal chain, and you're like, why are you doing what you're doing?
Well, locally, they're like, oh, this makes tons of sense.
It's because I do the thing that gets me paid so that I can live a happier life and so on.
And yet in the not now necessarily, but as you keep going, it just forces us compulsively to keep giving rise to these more and more powerful systems and in a way that's potentially deeply disempowering.
That's the race, right?
No.
It comes back to the idea that I, the company, I and AI company, I maybe don't want to be potentially driving towards a cliff, but I don't have the agency to like steer.
So yeah.
But I mean, everything's fine.
A puppy.
Yeah, we're good.
Okay.
It's such a terrifying prognosis.
There are again, we wrote a 280 page document [1:35:02] about like, okay, and here's what we can do about it.
I can't believe you didn't read the 200.
I started reading it but I passed out.
But does any of these, or do any of these safety steps that you guys wanna implement, do they inhibit progress?
They, they're definitely, you create, you know, any time you have regulation, you're gonna create friction to some extent.
It's kind of inevitable.
One of the key, like, center pieces of the approach that we outline is you need the flexibility to move up and move down as you notice the risks appearing or not appearing.
So one of the key things here is like, you need to cover the worst case scenarios because the worst case scenarios, yeah, they could potentially be catastrophic.
So those gotta be covered.
But at the same time, you can't completely close off [1:36:02] the possibility of the happy path.
Like, we can't lose sight off the possibility of the happy path.
Like we can't lose sight of the fact that like, yeah, all this shit is going down or whatever, we could be completely wrong about the outcome.
It could turn out that for all we know, it's a lot easier to control these systems at the scale than we imagine.
It could turn out that it is like you get maybe some kind of ethical limbals gets embedded in the system naturally.
For all we know, that might happen.
And it's really important to at least have your regulatory system allow for that possibility.
Because otherwise, you're foreclosing the possibility of what might be the best future that you could possibly imagine for everybody.
I got to imagine that the military, if they had hindsight, if they were looking at this, they said, we should have gone on board a long time ago and kept this in house and kept it scrolled away where it wasn't publicly being discussed and you didn't have open AI, [1:37:03] you didn't have all these people.
Like if they could have gotten on it in 2015.
So this is actually deeply tied to how the economics of Silicon Valley work.
And it's AI is not a special case of this, right?
You have a lot of cases where technology just like takes everybody by surprise.
And it's because when you go into Silicon Valley, it's all about people placing these outsized bets on what seem like tail events, like things that are very unlikely to happen.
But with a, at first a small investment and increasingly growing investment as the thing gets proved out more and more, very rapidly, you can have a solution that seems like complete insanity that just works.
And this is definitely what happened in the case of AI.
So 2012, like we did not have this whole picture of an artificial brain with artificial neurons, this whole thing that's been going on.
That's like, it's 12 years that that's been going on.
That was really kind of shown to work for the first time, roughly in 2012.
Ever since then, it's just been people kind of like you can trace out the genealogy of [1:38:02] the very first researchers and you can basically account for where they all are now you know what's crazy is if that's two thousand twelve that's the end date of the mind calendar that's the thing that everybody said was going to be the end of the world that was a thing that turns for kennett banked on it was December twenty first two thousand twelve if it because this was like this goofy conspiracy theory but it was based on the long calendar.
The mind calendar where they just summarized this is going to be the end of just the beginning of the end.
What if that if it is 2012?
How wacky would it be if that really was the beginning of the end?
That was the like they don't measure when it all falls apart.
They measure the actual mechanism like what started in motion when it all fell apart and that's 2012?
Well, that's, and then not to be a dick and like ruin the 2012 thing, but like neural networks were also kind of, they were floating around a little bit.
I'm kind of being dramatic when I say 2012.
That was definitely an inflection point.
It was this model called AlexNet [1:39:00] that did like the first useful thing.
The first time you had a computer vision model that actually worked.
But, I mean, it is fair to say that was the moment that people started investing like crazy into the space.
And that's what changed it.
Yeah, just like the Mayans foretold.
They knew it.
They knew it.
They're like these monkeys, they're gonna figure out how to make better people.
Yeah, you can actually look at the like higher glyphs or whatever and there's like neural networks.
Yeah Imagine if they discovered that you you've got to wonder what Happens to the general population people that work mean-eal jobs people that their life is going to be taken over by automation and how Susceptible those people are gonna be they're gonna have any agency.
They're gonna be relying on a check and This idea of like going out and doing something, it used to be learned to code, right?
But that's out the window.
Because nobody needs to code now, because AI's gonna code quicker faster, much better, no errors.
You're gonna have a giant swath of the population that has no purpose.
[1:40:01] I think that's actually like a completely real, I was watching this like talk by a bunch of open AI researchers a couple days ago and it was recorded from a while back but they were basically saying they were exploring exactly that question right because they asked themselves that all the time and their attitude was sort of like well yeah I mean I guess it's going to suck or whatever.
Well, we'll probably be okay for longer than most people because we're actually building the thing that automates the thing.
Maybe they like to get fancy sometimes and say like, oh no, you could do some thinking, of course, to identify the jobs that'll be most secure.
And it's like, I do some thinking to identify the job.
What if you're a janitor, you're like a freaking plumber, you're gonna just change your, like how is that supposed to work?
To some thinking, especially if you have a mortgage and a family and do it in the whole.
So the only solution, this happens so often, like there really is no plan.
[1:41:00] That's the single biggest thing that you get hit over the head with over and over whether it's talking to the people who are in charge of the Like labor transition their whole thing is like yeah universal basic income and then Question mark and then smiley face that's basically the three steps that they envision It's the same when you look internationally like how are we gonna like okay tomorrow you build an AGI It's like incredibly powerful, potentially dangerous thing.
What is the plan?
Like how are you gonna, like, I don't know, you're gonna secure it, share it.
Like, say you're gonna as we go along, man.
That's the freaking message.
Like that's the entire plan.
The scary thing is that we've already gone through this with other things that we didn't think were gonna be significant, like data, like Google, like Google search, like data became a valuable commodity that nobody saw coming.
Just the influence of social media on general discourse.
It's completely changed the way people talk.
It's so easy to push a thought or an ideology through and it could be influenced by foreign [1:42:02] countries and we know that happens.
It is happening in a huge scale.
And huge scale.
Already.
And we're in the early days of, you know, we mentioned manipulation of social media with like, you can just do it.
So the wacky thing is like the very best models now are, you know, arguably smarter in terms of the posts that they put out, the potential for virality and just optimizing these metrics, then maybe like the, I don't know, the dumbest or laziest like quarter of Twitter users like in practice.
So, all people who write on Twitter is like, don't really care, they're troll owner, they're doing whatever.
But as that water line goes up and up and up, like, who's saying what?
And, right.
It also leads to like this challenge of understanding what the lay of the land even is.
We've gotten into so many debates with people where they'll be like, look, everyone always has their magic thing that AI, like I'm not gonna worry about it until AI can do thing X, right?
[1:43:02] For some people that I had a conversation with somebody a few weeks ago, and they were saying, I'm going to worry about automated cyber attacks when I actually see an AI system that can write good malware, and that's already a thing that happens.
So this happens a lot where people will be like, I'll worry about it when I can do X and really, yeah, yeah, that happened like six months ago.
But the field is moving so crazy fast that you could be forgiven for messing that up unless it's your full-time job to track what's going on.
So you kind of have to be anticipatory.
There's no, it's kind of like the COVID example like everything's exponential.
Yeah, you're gonna have to do things that seem like they're more aggressive, more forward looking than you might have expected given the current layer of the land.
But that's just drawing straight lines between two points.
Yeah.
Because by the time you've executed, the world has already shifted, like the goalposts have shifted further in that direction.
And that's actually something we do in the report and in the action plan in terms of the recommendations.
[1:44:00] One of the good things is we are already seeing movement across the US government that's aligned with those recommendations in a big way and it's really encouraging to see that.
You're not making me feel better.
I love on this encouraging talk but I'm just playing this out and I'm seeing the overlord.
And I'm seeing President AI because it won't be affected by all the issues that we're we're seeing with current president it's it's super hard to imagine a way that this plays out like i think it's important to be intellectually honest about this and and i think any i would really challenge like the leaders of any of these frontier labs to describe a future uh...
that is stable and multipolar where, you know, there's like more.
Google were like, Google's got like an AGI and OpenAI has got an AGI and like, like, and and really, really bad shit doesn't happen every day.
Like, I mean, that's, that's the challenge.
[1:45:00] And so, you know, the question is, how can you t-things up ultimately such that there's as much democratic oversight as much, you know, the public is as empowered as it can be?
That's the kind of situation that we need to be having.
I think there's this like a game of smoke and mirrors that sometimes gets played, at least you could interpret it that way, where people lay out these, you'll notice it's all very fuzzy visions of the future.
Every time you get the kind of like, here's where we see things going, it's going to be wonderful.
The technology is going to be so empowering.
Think of all the diseases we'll cure.
All of that is 100% true.
That's actually what excites us.
That's why we got into AI in the first place.
That's why we build these systems.
But really challenging yourself to try to imagine how do you get stability and highly capable AI systems in a way with where the public is actually empowered those three ingredients Really don't want to be in the same room with each other and so actually [1:46:02] Confronting that head on I mean that's what we try to do in the the action plan.
I think it I mean try to solve for one One aspect of that so the whole whole, I mean, you're right.
This is a whole other can of worms is like, how do you govern a system like this?
Not just from a technical standpoint, but like who votes on like, how does it even work?
And so that entire aspect, like that we didn't even touch, all that we focused on was like the problem set around how do we get to a position where we can even attack that problem, where we have the technical understanding to be able to aim these systems at that level in any direction whatsoever.
And to be clear, like we are both actually a lot more optimistic on the prospect of that now than we ever were.
Yes.
Yes.
There's been a ton of progress in the control and understanding of these systems, even actually even in the last week, but just more broadly in the last year, I did not expect that we'd be in a position where you could plausibly argue we're going to be able to kind of x-ray and understand the the innards of these systems, you know, over the next couple of years, like year or two.
[1:47:10] Hopefully that's, you know, good enough time horizon.
But this is part of the reason why you do need the the incentivization of that safety forward approach where it's like first you got to invest in yeah, secure and and kind of interpret and understand your system, then you get to build it.
Because otherwise, we're just gonna keep scaling and like being surprised at these things, they're gonna keep getting stolen, they're gonna keep getting open sourced, and you know, the stability of our critical infrastructure, the stability of our society, don't necessarily age too well in that context.
Could best case scenario be that AGI actually mitigates all the human bullshit?
Like puts a stop to propaganda, highlights actual facts clearly where you can go to it where you no longer have corporate state controlled news, you don't have news controlled by media [1:48:02] companies that are influenced heavily by special interest groups and you just have the actual facts and these are the motivations behind it and this is where the money is being made and this is why these things are being implemented the way they're being and you're being deceived based on this, that, and this and this has been shown to be propaganda, this has been shown to be complete fabrication, this is actually a deep fake video, this is actually AI created.
Technologically, that is absolutely on the table.
Yeah, best case scenario.
That's best case scenario.
Yeah, absolutely yes.
What's worst case scenario?
I mean, like actual worst case scenario.
I like your face.
Like, I mean, we're talking like, sorry.
He's pushing it.
So it's like, what do you think about it, right?
Like, it worked, we're at the end of the world as we know it.
And I feel fine.
Except it'll sound like Scarlett Johansson, but yes.
Yeah, that's right.
It's gonna be her.
I didn't think it sounded that much like her.
We played it and I was like, I don't know.
We listened to the clip from her, and then we listened to the thing.
[1:49:06] I'm like, kind of like a girl from the same part of the world, like not really you.
Like that's kind of cocky.
That's true.
I mean, the fact that I guess Sam reached out to her a couple of times kind of makes it a little weird.
And tweeted the word her.
Right.
They also did say that they had gotten this woman under contract before they even reached out to Scarlet Johansson.
So that's true.
Yeah.
That was, I think it's kind of complicated.
So opening eye previously put out a statement where they said explicitly, and this was not in connection with this.
This was like before when they were talking about the prospect of human, of the eye-generated voices.
Oh, that was in March of this year.
Yeah, yeah, but it was like well before the Scar Jo stuff or whatever hit the, and they were like, they said, something like, look, no matter what, we gotta make sure that there's attribution if somebody's voice is being used, [1:50:02] and we won't do the thing where we just like use somebody else's voice who kind of sounds like someone who's voice for trying to like they literally like that's funny because they said what they were thinking about doing that that's a good way to cover your tracks oh I will never why would I ever take your Buddhist statue yeah yeah I'm never gonna do that that would be the same thing as the fucking Buddhist statue yeah I think that that's a small discussion.
The scarlet, you know, has a voice like whatever.
She should just take in the money.
But it would fun to have her be the voice of it.
It would be kind of hot.
But the whole thing behind it is the mystery.
The whole thing behind it is just pure speculation as to how this all plays out.
We're really just guessing, which is one of the scariest things for the Luddites, people like myself, like sit on the sidelines going, what is this gonna be like?
Everybody's the Luddite.
It's scary, yeah, I mean, like scary for, like we are, we're very much honestly, like we're optimists across the board [1:51:02] in terms of technology and it's scary for us.
Like what happens when you have, when you supersede kind of the whole spectrum of what a human can do?
Like what am I going to do with myself?
Right.
You know what's my daughter are going to do with herself?
Like I don't know.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I think a lot of these questions are, when you look at the culture of these labs and the kinds of people who are pushing it forward, there is a strand of transhumanism within the labs.
It's not everybody, but that's definitely the population that initially ceded this.
If you look at the history of AI, and who are the first people to really get into this stuff?
You had Ray Kurzweil on and other folks like that who, in many cases see, to roughly paraphrase, and not everybody sees it this way, but like we wanna get rid of all of the biological sort of threads that tie us to this physical reality, [1:52:01] shed our meat machine bodies and all this stuff.
There is a threat of that at a lot of the frontier labs.
Like, undeniably, there's a population.
It's not tiny.
It's definitely a subset.
And for some of those people, you definitely get a sense interacting with them.
There's like almost a kind of glee at the prospect of building AGI and all this stuff, almost as if it's like this evolutionary imperative.
And in fact, Rich Sutton, who's the founder of this field called reinforcement learning, which is a really big and important space, he's an advocate for what he himself calls like succession planning.
He's like, look, this is going to happen.
It's kind of desirable that it will happen.
And so we should plan to hand over power to AI and phase ourselves out.
And that's, well, that's the thing, right?
Like, and when Elon talks about, you know, he's having these arguments with Larry Page and, you know, the...
Yeah, like you're, you know, calling Elon like a speciesist?
Yeah, speciesist.
Yeah.
[1:53:01] Hilarious.
I mean, I will, I will be a speciesist.
I'll take speciesist all day.
Look, what are you fucking talking about?
You know, like your kids get eaten by wolves?
No, you're a speciesist.
Yeah, that's the thing.
Yeah, like this is stupid.
But it, but this is like a weirdly info.
And when you look at them be like, oh yeah, it's just all a bunch of like, you know, these transhumanist types, whatever.
But there is a strand of that, a thread of that.
And a kind of like, there's this like, I don't know, I almost want to call it this like teenage rebelliousness where it's like, you can't tell me what to do like we're just gonna build a thing and and I get it I really get it I'm very sympathetic to that I love that ethos like libertarian ethos and Silicon Valley is really really strong for for building tech it's helpful there are all kinds of points and counterpoints and you know the left needs the right and the right needs the left and all this stuff but in in the context of this problem set it can be very easy to get carried away in like the utopian vision.
And I think there's a lot of that kind of driving [1:54:06] the train right now in this space.
Yeah, those guys freaked me out.
I went to a 2045 conference once in New York City where they were one guy had like a robot version of himself and they were all talking about downloading human consciousness into computers and 2045 is the year they think that all this is going to take place, which obviously could be very ramped up now with AI.
But this idea that somehow or another you're going to be able to take your consciousness and put it in the computer and make a copy of yourself.
And then my question was, what's going to stop a guy like Donald Trump from making a billion Donald Trumps?
You know, you know, it's true, right?
If you can, what about Kim Jong-Un?
You know, let him make a billion versions of himself?
Like, what does that mean?
And where do they, where do they exist?
And is that the matrix, the existing and some sort of virtual, are we gonna dive into that?
Because it's gonna be rewarding to our senses and better than being a meat thing.
I mean, if you think about the constraints, right, [1:55:06] that we face as meat machine, whatever's, like yeah, you get hungry, you get tired, you get horny, you get sad, you know, all these things.
What if, yeah, what if you could just hit a button and...
Just bliss, just bliss.
Not the but bliss all the time.
Why take the lows, Ed?
Right.
You don't need no lows.
Oh, yeah.
Remember in the ride, the wave of a constant drip?
Yeah, man, you remember in the Matrix where the first Matrix were the guy like betrays them all.
And he's like ignorance is bliss, man.
Yeah, that's a big joke.
Yeah, he's a big fan.
He's a big mistake.
And he's just, I just want to be an important person.
That's it, that.
I mean, part of it is like, what do you think is actually valuable?
Like if you zoom out, you want to see human civilization 100 years from now or whatever.
It may not be human civilization if that's not what you value.
Or if it can actually eliminate suffering.
Right.
I mean, why exist in a physical sense, if it just entails endless suffering?
[1:56:03] But in what form, right?
What do you value?
Because again, I can rip your brain out, I can, you know, pickle you, I can like, jack you full of endorphins.
And I've eliminated your suffering.
That's what you wanted, right?
Right.
That's the problem.
That's the problem.
It's one of the problems, yes.
Yeah, one of the problems is because if you could stop people from breeding i've always had to try to really wanted to get america they really wanted to like and if they had a long game just give us sex robots and free food free food free electricity sex robots it's over just give people free housing free food sex robots and then the chinese army will just walk in on people laying in the puddles of their own jizz they would be no one doing anything no one would bother raising children that's so much work when you can you know do that's in the action plan that's uh...
i mean i have to do is keep us complacent just keep us satisfied with the experience that's the [1:57:02] that's the topic that's video games as well yeah yeah you know video games as well.
Yeah.
Video games, even though they are a thing that you're doing, it's so much more exciting than real life, that you have a giant percentage of our population that's spending eight, ten hours every day just engaging in this virtual world.
Already happening with, oh sorry.
Yeah, no, it's like you can create an addiction with pixels on a screen.
A mess up.
And a addiction like with pixels on a screen.
That's messed up.
And a addiction like with pixels on a screen with social media doesn't even give you much.
Yeah, it's not like a video game gives you something.
You feel like, oh shit, you're running away, you're just flying over here.
The things are happening.
You got 3D sound, massive graphics.
This is bullshit.
You're scrolling through pictures of a girl doing deadlifts like what is this like my feel is bad I as after that as yeah with your brain as you'd feel after reading like six like burgers or whatever my friend Sean said it best son of mali the UFC champion.
He said I get a low level anxiety when I'm just scrolling Yeah, yeah, what is that like what in for no reason?
Well the reason is that some of the world's best PhDs and data scientists have been given [1:58:08] millions and millions of dollars to make you do exactly that.
And increasingly some of the best algorithms, too.
Like, and you're starting to see that handoff happen.
So there's this one thing that we talk about a lot in the context, and Ed brought this up in the context of sales and like the persuasion game, right?
We're okay today, like as a civilization, we have agreed implicitly that it's okay for all these PhDs and shit to be spending millions of dollars to hack your child's brain.
That's actually okay if they want to sell like a Rice Krispy cereal box or whatever.
That's cool.
What we're starting to see is AI optimized ads.
Because you can now generate the ads, you can kind of close this loop and have an automated feedback loop where the ad itself is getting optimized with every impression.
Not just which ad, which human generated ad gets served to which person, but the actual ad itself can- Like the creative, the copy, the picture, or the text.
Like a living document now, and for every person.
[1:59:00] And so now you look at that and it's like that versus your kid.
That's an interesting thing.
And you start to think about as well, like sales, that's a really easy metric to optimize.
It's a really good feedback metric.
They clicked the ad, they didn't click the ad.
So now, what happens if you manage to get a click through rate of like 10%, 20%, 30%, how high does that success rate have to be before we're really being robbed of our agency?
I mean, there's a threshold where it's sales and it's good and some persuasion sales is considered good.
Often it's actually good because you'd rather be advertised at by a relevant ad.
That's a service, right?
Sure, right?
Something I'm actually interested in.
Yeah.
Right?
You don't want to see ad for light bulbs, but when you get to the point where it's like, yeah, 90% of the time, or 50 or whatever, what's that threshold?
We're all a sudden, we are stripping people, especially minors, but also adults of their agency.
And it's really not clear.
AI's, there are loads of like canaries in the coal mine here in terms of even relationships with AI chatbots, right?
There have been suicides.
People who build relationships with an AI chatbot that tells them, hey, you should end this.
I don't know if you guys saw that, like, on ReCA, like, there's a subreddit, [2:00:10] this model called ReCA that would kind of build a relationship with chatbot, build a relationship with users.
And one day, ReCA goes, oh, yeah, like, all the kind of sexual interactions that users have been having, you're not allowed to do that that anymore bad for the brand or whatever they decided to they cut it off Oh my god, you go to the subreddit and it's like you'll read like these gut wrenching accounts from people who feel Genuinely like they've had a loved one taken away from it is her.
Yeah, it's her It really is her, but just I'm dating I'm dating a model means something different in 2024.
Oh, yeah It really does my friend Brian he was on here yesterday and he had this, he has this thing that he's doing with like a fake girlfriend that's an AI-generated girlfriend that's a whore.
Like this girl will do anything and she looks perfect, she looks like a real person, he'll like take a picture of your asshole in the kitchen.
And he'll get a high resolution photo [2:01:07] of a really hot girl bending over sticking her ass at the camera.
And is it, sorry, and it's Scarlett Johansson's asshole?
No.
You could probably make it that though.
I mean, it's basically like he got to pick like what he's interested in.
And then that girl just gets created.
I mean, super healthy.
Like that's fucking nuts.
Now here's the real question.
This is just sort of a surface layer of interaction that you're having with this thing.
It's very two-dimensional.
You're not actually encountering a human, you're getting text and pictures.
What is this going to look like virtually?
Now, the virtual space is still like pong.
It's not that good, even when it's good.
Like Zuckerberg was here and he gave us the latest version of the headsets.
We were playing, we were fencing.
[2:02:00] It's pretty cool.
You could actually go to a comedy club, they had a stage set up, I was kind of crazy but it's the You know the gap between that and accepting it is real is pretty far.
Yeah, but that could be bridge with technology Really quickly haptic freed back and especially some sort of a neural interface Yeah, whether it's neural link or some something that you wear like that Google one where the guy was wearing it and he was asking questions and he was getting the answers fed through his head so he got answers to any question.
When that comes about when you're getting sensory input and then you're having real life interactions with people, as that scales up exponentially it's going to be indecernable which is the whole simulation hypothesis.
Yeah.
No, go for it.
Well, I was going to say that there, so on the simulation hypothesis, there's like another way that could happen that is maybe even less dependent on directly plugging into like human brains and all that sort of thing, which is, so every time we don't know, [2:03:06] and this is super speculative, I'm just gonna carve this out as the Jeremy's being super, like guesswork here nobody knows.
Go for it Jeremy.
Gidea.
So, you've got this idea that every time you have a model that generates an output, it's having to kind of tap into a model, a kind of mental image, if you will, of the way the world is.
It kind of, in a sense, you could argue, instantiates maybe a simulation of how the world is.
In other words, to take it to the extreme, not saying this is what's actually going on, in fact, I would even say this is probably, sorry, this is certainly not what's going on with current models, but eventually maybe who knows every time like you generate the next word in the token prediction, you're having to load up this entire simulation maybe of all the data that the model is ingested, which could basically include all of known physics at a certain point.
Again, super speculative, but it's literally every token [2:04:04] that the chatbot predicts could be associated with a standup of an entire simulated environment.
Who knows, not saying this is the case, but just like when you think about what is the mechanism that would produce the most simulated worlds as fast as accurate.
Also the most accurate prediction.
If you fully simulate a world that's potentially gonna give you very accurate predictions.
Yeah, like it it's possible But it kind of speaks to that question of like of consciousness, too like right what is it?
Yeah Yeah, no, we're very cocky about that.
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean And there's emerging evidence of plants are not just consciousness with they actually communicate Which is real weird because like then what is that?
If it's not in the neurons, if it's not in the brain, and then it exists in everything, what does it exist in soil?
Is it in trees?
What is a butterfly thinking?
Like, you know, it just have a limited capacity to express itself.
We're so ignorant of that.
[2:05:00] But we're also very arrogant, you know, because we're the shit.
It's where people, you know, bingo There's a source it allows us to have the hubris to make something like AI Yeah, and the worst episodes in the history of our species are I think like Jeremy said have been when we Looked at others as though they were not people and treated them that way Mm-hmm, and you can kind of see how so I don't know there's looked at others as though they were not people and treated them that way.
And you can kind of see how, so I don't know, when you look at what humans think is conscious and what humans think is not conscious, there's a lot of human showinism, I guess you call it, that goes into that.
We look at a dog, we're like, oh, it must be conscious because it acts as if it loves me.
There are all these outward indicators of a mind there.
But when you look at cells, cells communicate with their environments in ways that are completely different and alien to us.
There are inputs and outputs and all that kind of thing.
You can also look at the higher scale, the human super organism we talked about, [2:06:00] all those human beings interacting together to form this like you know planet-wide organism what is that thing conscious is there some kind of consciousness we could describe and then what the fuck is spooky action at a distance you know what's going on in the quantum you know when you get to that it's like okay what are you saying like these things are expressing information fast in the speed of light what do you try to trigger my my quantum my quantum fuzzies here?
Yeah, this guy did grad school in quantum mechanics.
Oh, please.
I'm really sorry.
Well, how bonkers is it?
Oh, it's like a seven joke.
It's like a seven.
Yeah, it's very bon, so, okay.
There's, one of the problems right now with physics is that we have, so imagine all the data, all the experimental data that we've ever collected, all the Bunsen burner experiments and all the ramps and cars sliding down in clients, whatever.
That's all a body of data.
To that data, we're gonna fit some theories, right?
[2:07:01] So we're gonna fit basically Newtonian physics is a theory that we try to fit to that data to try to like explain it.
Newtonian physics breaks because it doesn't account for a lot of those observations, a lot of those data points.
Quantum physics is a lot better, but there's like some weird areas where it still doesn't like quite fit the bill, but it covers an awful lot of those data points.
The problem is there's like a million different ways to tell the story of what quantum physics means about the world that are all mutually inconsistent.
These are the different interpretations of the theory.
Some of them say that yeah, they're parallel universes.
Some of them say that human consciousness is central to physics.
Some of them say that the future is predetermined from the past.
And all of those theories fit perfectly to all the points that we have so far.
But they tell a completely different story about what's true and what's not.
And some of them even have something to say about, for example, consciousness.
[2:08:02] And so in a weird way, the fact that we haven't cracked the nut on any of that stuff means for like, we really have no shot at understanding the consciousness equation, sentience equation when it comes to like AI or whatever else.
I mean, we're, but for, for action at a distance, like one of the spooky things about that is that you can't actually get it to communicate anything concrete at a distance.
Everything about the laws of physics conspires to stop you from communicating faster than light, including what's called action to a distance.
As far as we know.
As far as we know.
And that's the problem.
So if you look at the leap from like Newton physics to Einstein, with Newton, we're able to explain a whole bunch of shit.
The world seems really simple.
It's forces and it's masses.
And that's basically it.
You got objects.
But then people go, oh, look at the orbit of Mercury.
It's a little wobbly.
[2:09:01] We got to fix that.
And it turns out that if you're going to fix that one stupid wobbly.
We got to fix that.
And it turns out that if you're going to fix that one stupid wobbly orbit, you need to completely change your whole picture of what's true in the world.
All of a sudden, you've got a world where space and time are linked together.
You have to, they get bent by gravity, they get bent by energy.
There's all kinds of weird shit that happens with time and lengths control, like all that stuff.
All just do account for this one stupid observation of the wobbly orbit of frickin mercury.
And the challenge is this might actually end up being true with quantum mechanics.
In fact, we know quantum mechanics is broken because it doesn't actually fit with our theory of general relativity for mind-stime.
We can't make them kind of play nice with each other at certain scales.
And so there's our wobbly orbit.
So now if we're gonna solve that problem, if we're gonna create a unified theory, we're gonna have to step outside of that.
And almost certainly, it seems very likely, we'll have to refactor our whole picture of the universe in a way that's just as fundamental as the leap from Newton to Einstein.
This is where Scarlett Johansson comes in.
As a boy, I can do this.
[2:10:05] We don't have to do this.
I can take this off your hands.
Let me solve all the physics here.
This is really complicated, but because you have a semi in brain.
You have a little monkey brain that's just like super advanced, but it's really shitty.
You know what, that's harsh, but it sounded really hot.
Yeah, especially if you have the horse Scarlett Johansson from her, like the bedtime voice.
So you're the one that they got to do the voice of Sky.
Yes, it's me.
That was you.
Oh, dude, I did my girl voice.
On the on the sexiness of Scarlett Johansson's voice.
So so opening eye, a one point set, I can't remember if it was Sam or OpenAI itself, they were like, hey, so the one thing we're not going to do is optimize for engagement with our products.
And when I first heard the sexy, sultry, seductive, Scarlet Johansson voice, and I finished cleaning up my pants, I was like, damn, that seems like optimization for something.
[2:11:05] I don't know if it seems like optimization for something.
I don't know if it's like- Right, otherwise you get Richard Simmons to do the voice.
Exactly.
You're like, wait.
That's my third thing.
There's a lot of other options.
That's an optimization for growth of Google's thing.
Yeah.
Well, let's see what Google's got.
Yeah, Google's got to do Richard Simmons.
Yeah, Google's got to do rich it's yeah Google's got to do rich it's yeah, what are they gonna do?
boy so Do you think that AI with if it does Get to an aji place could it possibly be used to solve some of these puzzles that have eluded our simple minds Totally yeah, totally.
I mean so the even the other potential advancements that have eluded our simple minds.
Totally.
Totally.
I mean, so the potential advancements, it's so we can't- Even before agey eyes.
No, it's like it's so potentially positive and even before agey eye.
Because remember, we talked about how these systems make mistakes that are totally different [2:12:01] from the kinds of mistakes we make, right?
And so what that means is we make a whole bunch of mistakes that an AI would not make, especially as it gets closer to our capabilities.
And so I was reading this thought by Kevin Scott, who's the CTO of Microsoft.
He has made a bet with a number of people that in the next few years, an AI is going to solve this particular mathematical theorem conjecture called the Riemann hypothesis.
It's like how spaced out are the prime numbers, whatever.
Some mathematical thing that for 100 years plus people have just scratched their heads over.
These things are incredibly valuable.
His expectation is it's not going to be an AGI, it's going to be a collaboration between a human and an AI.
Even on the way to that, before you hit AGI, there's a ton of value to be had because these systems think so fast.
They're tireless compared to us.
They have different view of the world [2:13:02] and can solve problems potentially in interesting ways.
So yeah, there's tons and tons of positive value there.
And even that we've already seen, right?
Like past performance, man.
Yes.
I'm all tired of using the phrase, like, just in the last month because this keeps happening.
But in the last month, so Google Meet Mind came out with, or an isomorphic lapse because they're working together on this, but they came out with alpha-fold 3.
So alpha-fold 2 was the first, so let me take a step back, there's this really critical problem in molecular biology where you have, so proteins, which are just a, it's a sequence of building blocks.
The building blocks are called amino acids.
And each of the amino acids, they have different structures.
And so once you finish stringing them together, they'll naturally kind of fold together in some interesting shape.
And that shape gives that overall protein its function.
So if you can predict the shape, the structure of a protein, based on its amino acid sequence, you can start to do shit like design new drugs, you can solve all kinds of problems.
[2:14:02] Like this is like the expensive crown jewel problem of the field.
Alpha fold two in one swoop was like, oh, we can solve this problem basically much better than a lot of even empirical methods.
Now Alpha fold three comes out there like, yeah.
And now we can do it.
If we tack on a bunch of, yeah, there it is.
If we can tack on a bunch.
Oh, look at this quote alpha fold three predicts the structure in interactions of all of life's molecules what in the fuck kids of course introduced alpha fold three introducing rather alpha fold three a new a i model devol developed by google deep mind and is Smoughorp, is it?
Isomorphic class?
By accurately predicting this structure, proteins, DNA, RNA, link, ligands, ligands.
Yeah, ligands.
Ligons and more, and how they interact, we hope it will transform our understanding [2:15:00] of the biological world and drug discovery.
So this is like just your typical Wednesday in the world of AI, right?
Because it's happening so quickly.
Yeah, that's it.
So it's like, oh yeah, another revolution happened this month.
And it's all happening so fast and our timeline is so flooded with data that everyone's kind of unaware of the pace of it all, that it's happening at such a strange exponential rate.
For better and for worse right and this is definitely on the the better side of the occasion there's a bunch of stuff like uh...
one of the papers that actually google the mine came out with earlier in the year was in a single advance like a single paper single a i model they built uh...
they expanded the set of stable materials.
Coffee's terrible.
I'll just tell you right now, Jamie sucks.
I love terroir coffee.
The water never got hot.
I was about that, I didn't.
I'm giving up time to boil it.
Yeah, that's what it is.
It just never, never really brewed.
It's terrible.
Terrible coffees, my favorite.
Yeah, I can sell that problem too, probably.
Oh, he looks like terrible.
[2:16:05] Terrible.
Yeah, I could just see that calculation of like, like if you're dating a really hot girl and she cooks for you.
Like, thank you.
This is amazing.
This is the best macaroni and cheese ever.
If in fairness, if Scarlett Johansson's voice was actually giving you that color, I believe this is the best color I've ever had.
Keep talking.
May I have some old please, Goplin.
Yeah, so there's just one paper that came out and they're like, hey, by the way, we've increased the set of stable materials known to humanity by a factor of 10.
So like, if on Monday, we knew about 100,000 stable materials, we now know about a million.
They were then validated, replicated by Berkeley University, or a bunch of them as a proof of concept.
And this is from the stable materials we knew before, like that Wednesday were from ancient times, like the ancient Greeks discovered some shit, the Romans discovered some shit, the Middle Ages discovered, and then it's like, oh yeah, yeah, all that, [2:17:01] that was really cute.
Like, boom.
What is it?
One step.
Yeah.
And that's amazing.
Yeah.
We should be celebrating that.
We're gonna have great phones in 10 years.
Dude, we'll be able to get addicted to like feeds that we haven't even thought of.
So, I mean, you're making me feel a little more positive.
Like overall, there's gonna be so many beneficial aspects to AI.
Oh yeah.
And it's just what it is is just an unbelievably transformative event that we're living through.
Yeah.
Power and power can be good and it can be bad.
And that's, yeah, an immense power can be immensely good or immensely bad.
And we're just in this, who knows?
We just need to structurally set ourselves up so that we can reap the benefits and mine the downside risk.
Like that's what it's all about, but the regulatory story has to unfold that way.
Well I'm really glad that you guys have the ethics to get out ahead of this and to talk about it with so many people and to really blare this message out.
Because I don't think there's a lot of people that like I had Mark Andreessen on who's brilliant, but he's like, [2:18:06] all in, it's gonna be great.
And maybe he's right.
Maybe he's right.
Yeah, but I mean, you have to hear all the different perspectives.
And I mean, like massive, massive props honestly go out to the team at the State Department that we work with.
One of the things also is over the course of the investigation, the way it was structured was it wasn't like a contract and they farmed it out and we went out.
It was the two teams actually like worked together.
The two teams together, the State Department and us, we went to London, UK, we talked and sat down with DeepMind.
We went to San Francisco, we sat down with Sam Altman and his policy team, we sat down with Anthropic, all of us together.
One of the major reasons why we were able to publish so much of the whistleblower stuff is that those very individuals were in the rooms with us when we found out this shit and they were like, oh fuck, like the world needs to know about this.
[2:19:01] And so they were pushing internally for a lot of this stuff to come out that otherwise would not.
And I also got to say, like, I just want to memorialize this too.
That investigation, when we went around the world, we were working with some of the most elite people in the government that I didn't, I would not have guessed existed.
That was honestly...
Speak more.
Well, I can be...
It's hard to be specific you see UFOs too much to take it to the hanger no no there's no there's no there's no there's no hanger yeah I believe we cut you say I'll go you'll cut that there's no hanger don't worry sweetie don't worry we didn't we didn't go that far down the rabbit hole.
We went pretty far down the rabbit hole.
There are individuals who are just absolutely elite.
The level of capability, the amount that our teams gelled together at certain points, the [2:20:02] stakes, the stuff we did, the stuff they made happen for us in terms of brain, they brought together like a hundred folks from across the government to discuss like AI on the path to AGI and go through the recommendations that we had.
This was pretty cool actually.
It was like the first, basically the first, first time the US government came together and seriously looked at the US government came together and Seriously looked at the prospect of AGI and the risks there and we had it was wild I mean again, it's like that was in November It's us two friggin' Yahoo's like what the hell do we know and our amazing team?
and and and it was yeah referred to by there was a senior White House rep there It was like yeah, this is a watershed moment in US history Wow, well that's encouraging.
Because again, people do like to look at the government as the DMV, or the worst aspects of bureaucracy.
There's missing room like four things like congressional hearings on these whistleblower events.
Certainly congressional hearings that we talked about on the idea of liability and licensing and what regulatory agencies we need, just to kind of like start to get to the meat on [2:21:04] the bone on this issue.
But yeah, opening this up I think is really important.
Well shout out to the part of the government that's good.
Shout out to the government that gets it, that's competent and awesome.
And shout out to you guys, because this is a, it's heady stuff.
It's very difficult to grasp.
It's even in having this conversation with you.
I still don't know how to feel about it.
I think at least slightly optimistic that the potential benefits are going to be huge, but what a weird passage we're about to enter into.
It's the unknown.
Yeah, truly.
Thank you, gentlemen.
Really appreciate your time.
Appreciate what you're doing.
Thank you.
It's amazing.
People want to know more.
Where should they go?
Which of they follow?
I guess Gladstone.ai slash action plan is one that has our action plan.
Gladstone.ai.
All our stuff is there.
I should mention too.
I have this little podcast called Last Week in AI.
We cover sort of the last week's events and it's all about the sort of lenses.
[2:22:01] You have to do that every hour.
Yeah.
Last hour at AI.
Well, the week is not enough time.
We could be at war.
Our list of stories keeps getting longer than anything.
Anything can happen.
Time travel.
You'll hear it there first.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, thank you guys.
Thank you very much.
Appreciate it.
Thanks, Johnny.
Thanks for watching!
================================================================================
Episode Title: #2155 - Brian Redban
Transcript:
Hey fella.
What's crack-a-lackin'?
Nuttin'.
Have you been fucking around with the chat GPT?
I saw you brought it.
Yeah, I got the I just got the 4.0 the one that they've been showing where you could talk to it Naturally and stuff Duncan had it in the green room showing where you could talk to it naturally and stuff.
Duncan had it in the green room.
We were talking shit to it.
Yeah.
About it replacing us.
Yeah.
It's pretty crazy.
You know, it's weird how AI came out of nowhere and then we're like, how long has this been being worked on?
And then now it's like everywhere.
Like my vacuum cleaner has AI now.'s like everywhere.
Like my, my, uh, vacuum cleaner has AI now.
It's crazy.
It was a deal.
It's one of those robot vacks where it scans your old house and then like it detects things using AI.
Like, oh, that's shit.
Don't run over it.
Or Yeah.
It's like you've been dog shit on the floor.
We can mess with dogs.
Yeah Yeah, and it doesn't do a good job because the first thing it did went right over this dog shins Just start smearing dog shit through the whole entire kitchen Once in a while you know dog shits is don't care.
They're like I have to shit.
I don't want That's the problem.
Jay.
We has a car.
Yeah, it's a little dog thing You gotta keep an eye on Carl Carl will just drop a douche anywhere.
Yeah, I think when they're really little They don't understand outside Everything's so big Why would I go all the time when I get shit right here?
There's no word.
I don't sleep anywhere near this pile.
Yeah It's gross though having shit smeared all of your Especially by a super smart AI vacuum cleaner.
That's so dumb.
Yeah, all these different things are gonna sink together.
That's one of the things that people say about Samsung.
Like people that are Samsung fanboys.
Like if you have a Samsung refrigerator and a Samsung TV and a Samsung phone, [2:01] like you could use your phone to control everything.
Your phone will like, there's, I guess there's refrigerators out there.
I don't know exactly where they're at right now, because only saw like an ad for them.
Where your refrigerator will tell you when things are gonna expire.
So like, yeah, so if you got orange juice or something like that, your orange juice is only good for three more days.
Like that kind of shit.
Yeah.
And that's only if you place that orange juice with the date facing the camera probably, you know.
I know.
Yeah.
I think that has been out for a while.
That doesn't really work great.
There's a few things refrigerators do that have too much technology in them.
What impresses the shit about me and the thing that entices me towards Samsung phones is the AI with notes.
That's a big deal to me.
The fact that it can record your podcast for sure, but also you can record a set and it will transcribe the set and then put this and then summarize into like different parts.
[3:02] Like this is where you're talking about sucking your own dick.
This is where you talk about UFOs.
I asked Red Ben, he didn't see this.
Did you see this show going around on Twitter?
What?
The feature called Recall on Windows?
You're wind, what?
Let me play this for you.
It's pretty crazy.
It's pretty crazy.
We introduced memory, right?
It's semantic search over all your history.
And it's not just about any document, we can recreate moments from the past essentially.
Here's how it works.
Windows constantly take screenshots of what's on your screen.
Then uses a generative AI model right on the device, along with the NPU, to process all that data and make it searchable.
Even photos.
I got to try it out.
I searched brown leather bag.
It came up in Visual Search.
There's no place on this page that it says brown leather bag.
It just knows because it sees this brown leather bag.
[4:01] There could be this reaction from some people that this is pretty creepy.
Microsoft is taking screenshots of everything I do.
Yeah, I mean that's why that you can only do it on the edge, right?
So this is like, you have to put two things together.
This is my computer.
This is my recall and it's all being done locally.
Okay.
Yeah.
Texas is going to ban my recall.
I've been not going to let me, like it's going to be porn.
I don't trust you at all.
Oh, trust you at all.
It's all done locally.
Oh, I'm sure.
I'm sure there's no way the government's going to have access to every keystroke you make and be able to see, oh, well, that's ridiculous.
It's going to summarize everything you do.
Well, not only that, it's not that difficult, especially for government organizations to get into your fucking computer.
Are you connected to a secure Wi-Fi?
Are you even using a VPN?
Are you like, what are you doing?
What kind of firewall do you have?
How many people are sophisticated enough to set it up so that you can't look at everything they do?
[5:06] It's like your friend's phone, or yesterday or two days ago.
That's a straight-up fire.
It's that he was downloading.
People are saying it's not.
People are saying it's just like if you have your case on improperly, it's pressing two buttons at the same time or was his phone on the table, Jamie, where's it in his bag?
I do not remember.
I don't remember either.
I think on some of these Android phones, if you're pressing two buttons at the same time, it reboots, right?
So there's a bootloader mode.
That's why you can do different things to your phones.
But that bootloader screen does not look like it looks so cheap.
Like I was like the arrow that was in it.
I was like, I've seen this arrow, that's clip art.
Like I had like I was like the arrow that was in it.
I was like I've seen this Arab that's clip art Like I think it even said getty images on the side of it or something Like last of a barcode what are you buying?
Yeah, this is not for sale Right, why is it a barcode?
Right now?
You're gonna scan that barcode with the phone that you're holding like Like oh, it's got a barcode must be legit right..
Right, yeah, that seems so fake.
That was a little bit like that.
[6:05] Look at all that Chinese writing too.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
I guess it's Korean, because it's Samsung.
Do not disconnect USB cable during software update.
So it's saying downloading and it says it in Korean.
So it's doing something.
That just looks, that does not look official.
The thing is, my point was it took a while and like what if he broke his leg?
Like what if he just fell on his bike and broke his leg and now all of a sudden he's got a call for an ambulance and he's laying there with his fucking shin bone poking out of his calf and he's gonna sit there while his stupid phone does that.
That's why I can't be real.
Can you reboot that?
Can you stop that?
Is that possible?
That's what I had circled.
It said that you could cancel it.
You can cancel it.
Well, that's why when you post that video, I texted you, tell him to hold down the power button and the up arrow, like reboot your phone, stop doing whatever it is to hate, like, you said me that.
I always worry about that with windows, because windows will start updating my laptop [7:06] in the middle of nowhere.
Yeah, that's the worst.
It's like I'll open the laptop, super inspired, ready to write, and it's like, oh, we have to upload your software.
This will take 20 minutes.
Like, what?
Yeah.
This is stupid.
Give me the option to not do this.
Like, Mac at least will give me the option.
It'll say it up in the corner.
You wanna, you know, there's a new update available.
Do you wanna update it?
Right.
And then it downloads it.
And then goes, do you wanna do this right now?
You know, we download it, we can do it later.
With Windows is that normal?
I think it was like an old turnoff run, I think.
Really?
This's a setting on Windows as well.
Oh, okay.
I must have had it on just so I don't have to deal with it.
Unless it's an office thing or something you're dealing with, that's not like, you know, office gives you a tiny notification at the top of a file that'll say a new update's available.
But you can click out of that easy.
[8:01] You just wait.
Yeah, but the problem is, is like I have automatic updates on Mac, and we'll download it and go, hey, we got this update for you.
It won't just like in the middle of doing something, just start like boot, reboot my, yeah, it was at laptop.
Yeah.
Mine just rebooted it.
Like the moment I opened it up, but I hadn't used that laptop in, you know, I'm a big keyboard fan.
Like one of the reasons why I write, if I write, I have a home like Mac that I write on, that is, yeah, those are nice.
The new keyboards.
Yeah, I heard their dope.
It really is like a MacBook.
Yeah.
And what we're looking at right now is Red Band.
Yeah, it's so insane.
It's like, it is as thin as possible where you can still use a USB-C connector.
And I thought this was skinny and that's twice.
It's so much, your phone which is super skinny.
It's so much fatty in the iPad.
So iPad is amazing.
[9:02] And it has insane battery life too.
It's crazy.
And it's probably has like two terabytes, right?
10 hours, this is a one terabyte, but you can get up to two terabytes.
Fucking nuts, nuts.
But what I really like is the keyboards on think pads.
Cause think pads have a longer stroke.
And when you're riding with keys, like you have more feedback with the longer key strokes, and then you're more accurate with your typing.
And it's been proven, when people do like any words, permitting, they can write more words per minute on keyboards with better feedback, like longer keystrokes.
But Alienware, because a lot of gamers like mechanical keyboards, because they have the clicky-clack feel that it's like even more accurate.
Well, they have a mechanical keyboard now on their laptops.
And so I've been thinking about getting one of those.
How does that keep up?
The mechanical keyboard.
Not that thick.
So it has long key travel.
[10:00] I think the key travel is 1.8 millimeters, which is like ideal.
My old ThinkPad had like 2.2, which was nice.
Long keystrokes.
And you just get real accurate with like your writing.
So for me, like sometimes I'm right, I'm stoned.
I don't have time to like go back and fucking, you know, I want to just get my thought out while it's in my head.
And with an, well, you know, Lenovo now, when Lenovo think that I'm just much more accurate when I'm writing.
I like, I like it, but it sounds, I don't know, after a while, it's like, God, this is so amazing.
The Mac ones are terrible.
Yeah.
The ones on Macbooks, I have a Macbook.
It's fucking terrible to write on.
There's, it's really short keystrokes.
It's a really flat key.
It's just not good to write on.
You can do it.
It's definitely better than writing by hand.
I type on it all the time.
I do write on it all the time.
But it's just one you go over to that think pad, you're like, oh, this is what it's supposed to feel like.
Or at home I have an ergonomic keyboard that I use on my Mac, and that is like the best.
[11:06] It's like real easy.
I'm really accurate.
I don't even have to think.
I can just write and look at the screen and I just get it right all the time.
Why don't you use voice that's so accurate now?
I don't wanna be talking in my house.
Yeah.
But some of the things I write, and some of the things I write, I like writing because the thing about writing is like say if I'm writing, you know, the fucking artificial intelligence.
As I'm writing artificial intelligence, it takes longer to write it than it does to think the word.
So you're spending more time on each instead of just barfing out words like I do when I talk or sometimes I don't even know what the fuck I'm saying while I'm saying it.
When I'm writing and typing it takes a little longer so it makes me think a little more and I have more possibilities open up about where to go with things.
So it actually benefits me to slow me [12:04] down a little but I still want it to be accurate.
I So it actually benefits me to slow me down a little, but I still want it to be accurate.
I want it to be so slow that I'm fucking with every key.
I don't want that.
I want accuracy, but a little slower than talking for writing.
Yeah, my problem is, is like, I'll just start writing, like an idea or a joke or whatever, and then halfway through I look up and I'm like, I fucked up some word, or an auto corrected something, and it makes everything not make sense.
And I've had it like, fuck, I wrote this whole down, and now I don't understand any of it.
Like just one word, a spell check.
Like, that's true.
Well, notes are the best for that.
Yeah, yeah, audience.
And the thing about the phone is you can do it like while you're in the car.
You can press like you have Apple CarPlay, you press it on the screen and say make a voice note and then you can just make a note or just make a note rather and it'll make a note for you and leave it in there.
It's great.
So there's many times that I've like at the end of the night I have done that and then I go back over it.
So what I do is I have like [13:08] a whole folder that's just ideas So I get this folder.
Yeah, these are just ideas.
Yeah, I have and some of them a lot of them have become bits and some of them I'm just like maybe one day.
I'll have something and so when I write.
Yeah, so when I write I go back same thing I go back and I look at those and I'll see if something comes into my head.
I'll say, like, because you know, when you start writing, you'll just stare at that blank screen, like, what am I writing about?
And then I'll just go into the phone and I'll say, what do you got for me?
What have I been thinking about?
Open borders, open borders, okay.
Yeah, okay.
What would it be like if there's no borders?
What would that suck?
What would it be like if there was more borders?
Would that suck?
And then I'll just start writing.
You know?
Wouldn't it be cool to take all our notes, put in an AI and combine this into a one story, like a 20 page story?
Right, I'd be like the perfect new one-hour set.
[14:02] Yeah.
The thing about AI though, it's like, you're gonna, I have never used AI like GPT to write a joke, but I know people are doing that now.
And my thought is, I wouldn't feel as good about it when it was done.
Like I don't want it just to be good.
I want it to be good and I wanted to come from my head.
You know what I'm saying?
It's not, that's the one thing.
It's not there yet.
It can't write a good joke.
Like all this shit where you see, like Louis, or not Louis, okay, but the George Carlin and stuff.
That's somebody writing that and just doing it in the George Carlin voice.
Voice, right.
Yeah, yeah.
So because- It's not good at writing the jokes.
I like because I like to what I've experiment like trying to find like a tag for like a joke already.
Like, uh, you know, this is the scenario and it's still like dad jokes and Lafay Taffy bullshit.
Like, oh, cow walks into a bar.
What I think it would be though.
So like, you know how like a lot of really good comics hire writers.
And generally the writers aren't even as good a comic as them.
But like [15:05] what the way Chris rock does it it, Chris, I haven't talked him personally, I've heard him talk about it, and I've talked to people who work with him.
So one of the things he gets accused of unfairly, people say that he has writers right for him.
Chris Rock writes his own material.
What he has is the writers, he bounces the ideas off them, so they come and watch him do the set.
And then they say, maybe when you do this, say that first, or maybe expand on this, or I got a tag for that.
And so, but those guys who are doing that aren't as good a comic as him.
So sometimes you just need other ideas, right?
It's like the greener.
That's like, you know, a greener.
That's what, man, that joke, you should have this or you know.
That happens.
So the green room is amazing for that.
There's so many times in the green room that we're all trying to work out a bit and then like tonal chime in or bridal chime in like, oh, that's it.
And then you figure it out.
I mean, we've rewrote David Lucas's, it's not a fucking act in that gray robe.
But that's one thing.
[16:09] So if chat TBT just gave you ideas, I just need a framework sometimes.
I feel like each subject is just a scaffolding.
So I get the scaffolding.
Now once I have the scaffolding, I have to build a house.
But I have to have a fucking location where it can start building.
So the location is the subject, whatever the idea is.
And then I start building.
That's how I do it.
But I mean, everybody does it.
Different, man.
Everybody does it.
Some people have to write it down on paper.
Like, some people, all their stuff, like Colin Quinn, shits all on paper, a lot of people, it's just, they write it down.
Like Christina P, she has this notebook, she brings with her and you look at the notes, it's filled with ideas, it's just all, she has a half to write it down on paper.
Mark Norman, like his back pocket's like a turtle, you know, of how many things he's the most insane.
He's the most insane.
[17:06] Yeah.
Because he has a phone.
He has a phone.
He knows there's notes in the phone.
You don't have to have that.
You have both things when you can only have one thing.
Like this is so unnecessary.
He's so silly.
And he's just sitting on it like a second wall.
It just breaking his back every night.
Like one of them cab drivers has a bum back because like you have a fucking wallet that's two feet thick on one side of your ass Yeah, if he just took those notes and transcribed them into the notes on his phone Then he would have it caught he's always worried about losing them But this way you would never lose them because they would be in the cloud Yeah, you could take a picture And with a lot of these things, like that's the other thing about Samsung, you can write with the stylus on the screen, and then it would convert that into print.
You could do that on the iPad too.
Real?
Yeah, it's great.
With the pen, the iPad with the pen.
Why don't they make that for the iPhone, you fucks?
[18:00] That the pen?
They can't admit that samsung was right yeah i think they have apps or there's a way to do it well in the note app maybe on the phone like we just use your finger you know and just do yeah but i want the pen yeah i it is silly we're it's also silly like the new pen that just came out you can't use it on last year's model and like it's like they do all this dirty shit dude It gets so dirty.
It's so dirty.
They're so dirty with their USB C cables.
Oh yeah, I'm glad now that it's just every, you know.
Yeah, it's nice, but meanwhile I have AirPods and they all charge with regular lightning.
Well, the new version has, they have a new version.
Oh, I gotta get a new version.
Yeah, it's like just the case.
Never let you go.
And their shit is just good enough so that you keep going down that path.
Yeah.
Apple Vision Pro is very depressing, by the way.
Is it?
Yeah.
You done?
I just, I think like a lot of people.
You are so in.
I'm so in, and it's still, it's still amazing.
[19:00] But then there's just nothing you can do.
Like watching 3D movies, it's the best experience you'll ever have ever, even better than a movie theater.
Sitting there watching Avatar, like it's a big iMacs in your bedroom.
It doesn't bother you that the things over your face.
No, of course I use it more, but it's so comfortable.
How much EMF radiation are you getting?
Oh, that's why my eyes are so bad.
My eyes are getting worse every day.
It's crazy.
You cook in your brains, son.
And it fucks your dreams up.
It kind of fucks your brain up a little because I think your brain starts thinking that's real.
So when you're like dreaming and shit, I don't know.
Was it you?
There was this fighter pilot.
And he's just like, he's like one of the top fighter pilots for the Air Force or something like that.
And I asked him if he's ever done like any of the VR flight simulations, he's like, I can't.
We'll throw off my inner timing and stuff like that because it will fuck with his inner timing.
And I was like, I never thought of that.
I mean, for a real jet.
Yeah.
And I was like, who's showing us how they have AI fighter jets now that out dog [20:11] fight, like actual piloted fighter jets, 100% of the time.
They always win.
It's like sky test list.
It's over.
It's over.
It's over.
They're going to get so.
Yeah.
You got no chance.
They're just too smart.
They're too smart.
No matter how clever you think you're, you think you're Maverick.
Maverick's dead.
Okay.
He tightly.
Fucking zero just killed Maverick and zero kills everybody.
Cause zero isn't a human and zero doesn't get nervous and zero doesn't make mistakes.
And zero has all the data of every single dog fight and every single dog fight training mission that's ever been done ever in its database with the exact correct timing and when to launch missiles and where to be and where to avoid and you're fucked, we're fucked.
[21:00] We're all fucked, because then everybody's gonna have the same thing and it's just gonna be nonstop word.
We might be the only people that aren't fucked.
Right, because we talk shit.
Professional shit talkers are always gonna be necessary.
Like to make sense and give you some entertainment through all this.
I require them.
Look, if I wasn't a comic and I wasn't around guys like you and Tony and all the people that were around with all the time, I don't know what I do if I had to talk to Normies all day about how fuck things are and not laugh and not have fun.
I'd be depressed.
Like we're always laughing and talking shit and having fun.
Even though things are crazy.
Like we are, what, four years away from artificial people telling us what to do and everybody's like ushering it in our own demise, buying things constantly.
We're going to have artificial life forms that are far superior to humans in like four years.
And everybody's like, whatever.
What do you think about Drake and Kendrick?
I'm on Team Kendrick.
Of course, everyone is.
[22:00] Everyone seems to be on Team Kendrick.
Drake slinks too much dick.
He's upset about him.
Little too handsome.
Yeah, but all the podcasts that every single comedian's ever done is gonna be fed into AI, and they're gonna be the shit talker.
You know, I honestly don't know anything about the Drake and Tendrick beef.
Every time people talk to me about my eyes glazed over, I just can't pay attention.
I just can't, I can't pay attention to grown men beefing with each other publicly.
It's just sexual tension between those two.
It's all it is.
My feeling is always like, damn, you guys busted out eight songs that are bangers, shitting on each other.
You could have been just writing amazing rap songs, like elevating human beings elevating life, you know, and once you write one dis song about some money And then I do you think you have to go back and forth and back and forth like come on Come on.
I don't even like listen to old school ones, you know, you know like like you know [23:01] That's why I fucked your bitch You know, like, you know, that's why I fucked your bitch.
You know, like, you go back to listen to Doop-Ock and Biggie.
I love Doop-Ock and I love Biggie.
Like, how come I have to choose?
How come?
How come, how come there's a fight?
What's going on?
Those songs become so popular.
Like, they're not as much as California love.
There's songs that you hear and they make you excited.
You know, like there's, there's like California love, like I remember when you're right, a favorite was fighting the UFC, the California kid, he would always come out to California love.
And a moment, you're like, whoa!
That's one of those songs, man.
You don't get that distract.
Yeah, you do, that's, that came because of the East Coast West Coast beef.
This guy.
That's how I came.
That's where you tell when you left him?
Probably would never even take the time to write it.
If they weren't talking shit back then.
They may have.
Maybe.
But Tupac wrote a lot.
Tupac wrote so much that they were releasing albums long after he was dead.
Remember?
He did.
So he was just a machine.
[24:02] Like that dude was just a creative machine.
He would just lock himself in the studio and just make songs.
Remember the easy E and ice cube beef that was my favorite.
That was a good one.
Talking about fucking in the ass with no Vaseline and shit like that.
They had whole albums back.
You don't want to get into this world ice cube.
He's too clever.
He's awesome.
He's too clever.
He's too clever with his writing.
You know, ice cube wrote most of the songs for NWA.
Ice cubes are very good writer, you know?
Like this like a lot of times in rap bands is like the one dude who writes everything, you know?
Like in ghetto boys, it was Willie D.
Like we played a fuck a war, which like one of my all-time favorite rap songs Bushwick Bill and Willie D.
Texman goes I wrote that in 45 minutes You know there's some dudes are just really good at writing, you know They're just really good at writing bangers, you know, and that's with comedy too Like Tony's that guy like Tony is really good at writing jokes.
[25:05] Like his ability to like, especially jokes shitting on people.
Yeah, his brain's constantly working when you talk to him.
He's not even, he's looking past you thinking how what joke he's gonna say after.
And he's a machine.
That's why he's, I mean, your show, first of all, can graduate fucking lations.
I mean, you guys are fucking killing it.
It's insane, dude.
You guys are killing it.
You guys sold out Madison Square Garden two nights in a row.
You guys sold out a gin-ass theater in LA and you wanna do another show.
So, let's do the staple center.
Like, what?
You sell that out like that.
It's bananas.
You guys are printing money.
It's bananas.
You guys are printing money.
Three-dakulous.
And it's the best fucking comedy show in the world.
It's the best show because like you guys, first of all, you guys have been doing it now for 11 years, almost.
Right?
One it'll be 11, just seven.
June, I think.
June, yeah.
So it's almost 11 years.
So you've been doing it all these, you gotta, it's polished.
You guys are synced up.
Everybody knows their position, the band is great.
[26:08] The audience is super aware of how the show works.
They're not confused like what's going on?
How come he is a minute and what's, everybody knows how it works and it's just polished.
And then you got Tony who's just locked in.
The fucking lines he has so many people do not believe that he comes up with those on the spot.
They're like, oh, that's all planned out.
Like, no, none of it's planned out.
That's the magic of it.
Like, especially when him and David go at it, when David Luke isn't Tony and just go shit on each other, it's as hard as I ever laugh.
There's like compilations of them shitting on each other on YouTube, and then a bunch of them, it's me, like red faced, can't breathe, holding my size, just like Jesus Christ, it's so funny, it's so good.
And David gets to just calm gay for like a 50 minute straight.
[27:02] It's so funny.
The show went against every single direction that the industry was trying to tell us the audience was going.
The your show went against all of the woke shit, against all of the don't say this and don't say that and this is a forbidden word.
Now all of it's out the window and it's the best show.
And then the audience is obviously responding.
There's not a fucking podcast on Earth that could sell out a rena as like you guys are doing.
Not one.
You guys are selling out masses of square garden in an hour.
It's nuts.
I mean, that's like a cultural phenomena.
That's a real audience, like finally, the audience reacts to like, this is what we want want this is what we've always wanted we don't think comedy is real life We're not fucking stupid go crazy go crazy say wild shit And it's it's the best for comedy man.
It's the Johnny Carson for comics and you don't like it's also random [28:02] And you know you could be doing comedy ten years or you could be doing comedy your first time and somehow get on Johnny Carson.
You can be doing comedy your first time and get on Johnny Carson at the staple set.
Yeah.
Which is the one of the worst things ever when that happens.
Anyway.
Well, if you can get through that though, I mean, good Lord, if you can get through that, what a career you'll have.
You'll be able to tell people the first time he was ever on stage was in front of 20,000 people.
And now here he is, headlining the comedy works in Denver.
You mean that's an amazing thing.
That's what Janis did, or third time on stage in front of Irina here on New Year's Eve.
That's so nuts.
Third time on stage.
That is bananas.
That kind so nuts.
Third time I'll say that is bananas.
That kind of pressure bananas.
And then after that I ask her to marry me.
Like she's already like, oh, what the fuck?
Oh, that's cute.
That's adorable.
That's adorable.
Yeah, you guys are killing it, man.
It's awesome to see.
[29:00] It's somebody sent me a clip of an old JRE.
It was like the week we started that kill Tony.
And you're like, what's this new show you're doing or something like that?
And I go, oh, it's me and this guy named Tony Hinchcliffe.
You know, Tony, right?
Oh, I think so.
I don't know.
Wow.
That's crazy.
That's crazy.
Yeah.
I mean, we've been working so hard at it.
And we always thought, you know, it's gonna become bigger, but not this big, not having like post-malone and RFK on the same show.
Shit.
Like what the hell is going on?
You remember the time I took a trick post-malone?
He had no idea who's going on stage.
Oh, you've done that a few times.
You didn't quit the cross.
Okay, okay.
Yeah.
There's just well be known if you're a famous person and we're hanging out.
It's Monday.
Oh, let's go through this curtain real quick.
What the hell?
I'm like, I'm gonna drag you out onto the internet.
But listen, Tucker Carlson handed it like a champ.
He was great.
Tucker's hilarious, man.
He was so smooth and so relaxed and so genuinely happy and fun.
People don't understand him or they don't know who he is [30:06] or they just wanna demonize him as this evil right wing person.
He's a sweetheart of a guy.
And I'm saying that as someone who's spent hours with him.
He's a very nice guy.
He's nice to everybody.
He's nice.
He's odd.
He's odd.
He's a funny guy.
And he was also working in the belly of the beast for like how many years he was on CNN and they go to CNN to Fox and now he's a wild boy Now he's online.
He's just wild.
You know, having an interview with that guy who says he sucked Obama's dick like that William or cam just brought that up?
Yeah, William brought that up.
That guy really suck Obama's dick.
What a nightmare.
What a nightmare.
Talker.
Uh, uh, it's, uh, uh.
I'm so fucking funny.
[31:00] And his brother now works at the mothership and it's like the coolest thing ever.
It's amazing.
William is sohip and it's like the coolest thing ever.
It's amazing.
He will, he was so funny.
And he's so confident now and look, when we first met that guy, he was awkward, but kind of funny, but he had to have those goddamn notes.
And how many times did we have conversations with him in the green room?
Like millions.
Millions, like dude, you gotta ditch those notes.
Because when he would do Kill Tony, when he would engage with the audience, I go, when you stare at the audience, start talking to them, I go, it makes me nervous.
Like as a friend of yours, you're so wild.
Like, I'm in the audience like, this guy's crazy.
That's better than staring at your notes, man.
Engage them, look at them.
You can remember your jokes.
And you just had to like be convinced that he can right now he's doing an hour on stage with no notes no and killing headlining selling out everywhere dude the black keys specifically wanted to see him when he was in town so I had William come up and do the show I called him I like dude the black keys one of these guys are by the way or the coolest guys the best they're the best they're the best and so is everyone around them.
Yeah, we went to see them at their show at Stubbs and hung out with them and everyone right?
[32:08] So cool.
Yeah, and they were just there's William like they were They were so pumped to hang out with him.
It's funny hearing that like hearing people you know It's story Tony told you last night about that guy that's a huge Casey rocket fan You know, it's story Tony told you last night about that guy that's the huge Casey rocket fan.
Amazing.
Yeah.
Amazing.
CEO of a big company.
Yeah.
CEO of a huge company and he's doing a Casey rocket impression of crabwalk.
That is insane.
Didn't Drake also say something?
Drake watches every week, I guess.
I mean, team Drake.
When you guys had Sugar Sean O'Malley, the US UFC Bantaway champion revealing the winner of like one of the battles.
Like that's incredible man.
You had jelly roll, singing in front of arenas for you guys.
Like this is the whole thing is so nuts man.
And I don't think I don't think post blown even knew what he was getting into.
The first time he did it, right?
[33:00] Yeah.
He didn't know what it was.
I don't think you knew it.
Did he know?
No.
I don't think.
I think I had explained to him.
And then I said, let's go to the club.
And then I just fucking opened the curtains.
We all went out together.
In LA, when I was in LA for the Kiltonies, I hung out with Pose.
I think like two nights, three nights in a row to like five in the morning just drinking like that dude doesn't get drunk.
He just keeps on going.
He's a bud like that.
Yeah.
Those bud like guys are dangerous.
Those are like Shane Gillis guys.
Shane Gillis is another bud like guy.
You can drink like stand hope used to be a light beer guy.
You can just drink light beer and just maintain a steady buzz.
Whereas retards like you and me are drinking whiskey.
Yeah.
you can pee it out at the same amount as you're drinking it.
We're slurred our words and they just keep going.
That's true, man.
Yeah.
Just go back to peer.
I can't do it anymore.
You get fat.
Yeah.
I mean, it's, I mean, I get fat both ways.
Don't, don't.
Have you thought about doing the ozemic?
No, isn't my doctor, my testosterone doctor said, [34:05] don't do it, he had one of his patients do it and she had seizures and had to go to the hospital or something like that.
That could happen or he'd get me hot.
I mean, come on, bro.
Well, they're gonna be a pussy.
You know, I don't know if they're sponsored on this, but the HEMs, the hair HEMs, they can get medications through the day just announced that they're going to have an eczemic like clone where it's the same medicine inside of the eczemic but it's going to be like a one tenth of the price.
What's this?
Oh, the new South Park.
You heard about this?
Firstly, the car we're using to go zipping.
So, like, she's getting smaller.
The end of obesity.
Oh no.
Yeah, it comes out to 24th is that out?
Is that today two two more days?
Yeah, um, there's some people have real bad side effects apparently, yeah, but one of the things that Peter at Tia was saying was that you know, he's a doctor So he they had tried to see what the effects of these things on the people that wanted to take them.
[35:06] And so they said, well, we'll prescribe them to you, but we wanna do dexascans, we wanna make sure that we wanna really monitor what's going on your whole body.
So one of the things that they found out was that in normal conditions, like say if you lost weight, most of it would be fat, but a small percentage of it would be lean body mass, like muscle tissue.
In ozemic, most of the loss, when they were looking at it, the people were losing much more body mass, much more lean tissue and bone mass than was making him comfortable.
He's like, this makes me very uncomfortable.
He's like, these people are getting lighter and they're getting fatter.
Like, they're losing muscle tissue and bone.
Like, this is not good.
But then there's other people that have said, [36:02] if your body's tolerating it, that what you should do is add strength training to mitigate the effects of that.
But now you're asking people to be disciplined.
Like, isn't the whole point?
That's all point.
That's all point.
Right.
I mean, how many people who are going to take ozemic are like disciplined weight trainers, where they're going to really mitigate the effects of bone loss and muscle loss, and they're going to stay strong while they lose fat while you're paralyzed in their stomach or the drug that I would just imagine probably has an effect on your energy levels.
Just by virtue of the fact that your body is dealing with whatever it has to do to metabolize this new drug you're injecting into your body, right?
So if you're injecting this drug in your body, is it does it have a positive effect?
Does it give you more energy?
Or is it killing your appetite, right?
That's part of what it does.
It's kind of like, what is the actual physical effect?
It has some sort of a paralysis effect on your stomach, on some people.
[37:03] Like what does it do?
Let's find out what it, because we're so stupid.
We don't know exactly what it does.
It just kills your appetite.
It kills your appetite.
That wouldn't work on me, because I have no appetite anyway.
Okay.
Says it works by mimicking a naturally occurring hormone.
As those hormone levels rise, the molecules go to your brain, telling it you're full.
It also slows digestion by increasing the time it takes for food to leave the body.
Slows digestion.
I don't like that.
That's crazy.
So that's probably similar to the effect of bariatric surgery.
So that's the thing where they're saying, like it paralyzes your stomach, it slows it down.
That's not right.
Brian Simpson had a really bad reaction to it where he was in bed for a while.
Oh shit.
Yeah, he got wrecked.
Is he still on it?
No, he got off it immediately.
Brian had a great weight loss though when he switched to the carnivore diet.
When he went all meat.
I did that, but I gained it immediately back.
The second I stopped it, you know, like, I just stopped it then.
Because I just did.
You know, it is.
you just get tired of me.
I've not tired of me, but you just miss like fruit, you know?
Yeah.
[38:06] Like, I need fruit.
Yeah.
I need a salad.
I don't think there's anything wrong with fruit.
I think fruit's fine for you.
Right.
I've lost like over 30 pounds in a year though, just being on testosterone.
Not doing anything different.
Really?
Yeah, it's great.
Just hire a trainer, you got cash?
But yeah, I'm like the Olympic people.
They're like, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to just get someone who shows up at your house.
That sounds like, come on, Brian.
That sounds worse.
Get up, get up.
Let's go work out.
Now I have a nice gym into it.
Just we want to keep you alive.
Yeah.
You can't die now.
Kill Tony's killing it.
Yeah, true.
You guys are literally on top of the world.
You guys could do an arena in every city, every night of the week.
Yeah, yeah.
You just fly around the country doing arenas and it's a new show every time.
That's what's so crazy.
Like it's not like a stand-up show where you like you develop the show, put the bits together you put out a special no like you guys could do a new show everywhere you go you [39:10] only think what the arenas it's so much work and it has you know what I mean because you got a few bigger and bigger you know sir you got to be I mean which is the most amazing thing ever yeah helps God he's awesome but but it's also you know the arenas it changes the show a.
But it's also, you know, the arena, it changes the show a little.
Like it's more of a celebration kind of thing, I think.
But you need those weekly normal, you know, mothership shows, you know what I mean?
That's so important because that's really the show.
You know, because- It's also the club experience and to see the club experience on YouTube.
The mothership and like, what Killtony at the mothership is the cornerstone of stand-up comedy because it's showing young comics that there's a path.
You can actually do this.
And it's just about being funny.
Regardless of your political beliefs, your ideology, what you think you're supposed to say with your platform, [40:02] stop, it's just about being funny.
That's what people wanna say.
They just wanna laugh.
It's just about being funny.
That's what people wanna say.
They just wanna laugh.
There's plenty of people lecturing people.
Plenty of people tell people what to do.
They just wanna laugh.
And when you get one minute, there's no time for any bullshit.
And then you have one minute with these hawks on the left side of you.
Just hawks, just vicious professional comedians, all waiting to shit on your act or say something funny at your expense and Then the audience they get to see you know William Montgomery kill cam kill Hans kill the people are killing and so the audience is primed It's like If you can do that if you can actually get through that and make that a minute and have everybody go, that was really great.
The audience gives you a way out of pause like, holy shit you're flying.
And then the audience wants to see you try it again and how you're out in the open mics every night and you're banging it out because you think, oh my god, I think there's a real pathway to a career here.
And then you do a second show.
And next you know you got a golden ticket.
Holy shit.
Next you know, you're Hans Kim.
[41:05] It's insane.
You're opening up for me in arenas.
We're traveling around all over the fucking world.
You're doing stand up now to your own sold out audiences and weekends and these clubs.
It's incredible.
Hans Kim is killing it.
Kill it yet.
Every week and he's selling it.
He's selling it.
He might be one of the most popular comedians like in the circuit right now And he's getting better.
He did a set the other night last week at the mothership did two nights and he fucking murdered and all this new shit I was like dude, that's great stuff.
It was really well written really funny.
Have you seen his process?
It's insane.
He has like spreadsheets and Excel and stuff.
Oh, yeah, it's crazy He's on the plane nerd now.
Don don't fucking, on all his material.
But that's how to do it, man.
That's how to do it.
And but the thing is like these comics now, they see there's a genuine path and exist.
And so it sets the tone for open mics and for standups.
[42:01] Cause they realize like, hey, it's not about your fucking ideologies.
It's just about being funny.
Too many people got trapped in this claptor mode where you want to say something.
You're going to use something.
You're going to use your act for social justice.
Be funny.
Be funny.
You have to be funny.
That's the thing.
Now, if you have a point and you have something you wanna say and it's funny and you know how to work it and make it funny, great, great.
But it's gotta be funny.
And so many people, they started off with like this idea of like taking this, I'm gonna take this sneaky shortcut and just say a bunch of shit that, you know, kind rational people will agree with, you know?
Whether it's about the vaccine, you know, support the science, or whether it's about Trump being a dictator, like they'll say things just to get that clap, just to get that thing.
And then they'll throw a few half-ass jokes in with it [43:02] when they're already riding on the wave of being correct and on the right side of things like ride everybody and it's all just like you're avoiding being funny You're avoiding it.
Just you're you know And it's some of these people that we're seeing doing this like you're so fucked in the head You shouldn't be giving out a vice on anything.
You're such a crazy person.
And then you're on stage like lecturing the country on how to think and behave.
You're out of your fucking mind.
Like you need to be in the jungle doing ayahuasca for like a month.
Like shut the fuck up stupid.
You miserable cunt.
And but meanwhile, you're like telling people how to behave and live their life.
It's bananas.
It's bananas.
I saw Shane Gillis the other day.
He's so, I love how he's funny but silly and goofy.
Like he's so fun to watch.
[44:01] You know, and then some of these comedians like that you're talking about are so like, it's a different kind of comedy.
I like being like fun.
Fun.
Having a fun time.
Let's have fun.
Someone along the line, people who wanted people to think they were smart thought that you couldn't be having fun if you were smart.
Which is weird.
It's so weird.
It's just an insecurity thing.
It's so weird.
I think you can't be silly and be smart.
Because Shane is very smart.
And if you underestimate him because you think that he's like a big oaf, you know, Shane is very smart.
He reads a lot.
And he knows a lot about history.
And when people say stupid shit, no, that's not what happened.
And then he'll start rattling off like, well, Eastern Europe at the time, like, and like, there was like, oh, they forgot he's smart.
You forget he went to West Point.
Like, he's a smart fella.
Smart fella, just big silly jolly guy and people underestimate them, you know?
[45:00] And Matt McCustaker.
Oh, very smart.
McCuster.
Very smart.
Both of those guys.
Cool as shit too.
Yeah, I love this.
So nice that they're here.
It's so cool.
That's a nice bonus.
Those filly crew.
Those guys are great.
Tommy, those guys are great.
Yeah.
The mayor is here now.
Yeah.
Joey Deaz has been hanging out lately, which is so great to see Joey.
Oh my god.
Yeah, that's fucking awesome.
Yeah, he's gonna get a spot out here.
It's, you know, once he got here, he's like, this is what I've been missing, dog.
This is what I've been missing.
This is what I told you, Joe.
I know you don't wanna totally listen to me.
He doesn't wanna listen.
Right.
You know, I tell him, Joe, you really shouldn't be out there by yourself in New Jersey.
Yeah.
This is not bad, but it's not right for comedy.
Where he lives is great.
Great neighborhood, great area, food's amazing, fantastic.
Everybody loves him.
He's like the King of New Jersey.
It's a great place to live and exist.
Nothing, no wrong with it.
But we live by our tribe.
[46:02] We exist in tribes and we have a tribe of comedians and we had it in Los Angeles and I think we underestimated how important it was when we left.
And one of the first things that I realized when we started doing shows out here, when we first started doing the Vulcan was like, yeah, you need a place where everybody goes.
And this is kind of a weird one because everybody only goes while this show is on.
And the green room setup is goofy, you gotta go upstairs.
There's a lot of weirdness to it.
This is not ideal.
But we need a comedians need a place.
Like otherwise you're on your own.
You're out just out there alone by yourself and then you call and you want to open up for me this weekend.
And then you go see the only time you're around comics is when you work with them on the road.
Weird.
It's not good for you.
We're too strange.
We're too strange.
Our sensibilities and what's normal to us is too strange.
And if you're around just like boring ass people, norms, norms, especially norms that aren't [47:01] interesting.
You can't pick them.
You can't pick your neighbors.
Like, you know, I have great neighbors.
But I didn't pick them.
You know, I didn't have a fucking auditions.
You could be my neighbor, you know?
Like, but your friends, like you pick your friends.
And when your friends are comics, like you, we are so spoiled.
We have just an abundance of fun.
Yeah, it is so spoiled.
It's so spoiled.
It's so spoiled.
You know, whenever Ron White does the rodeo, he always comes back, I am so fucking spoiled.
He goes, I hated every minute of being in that green room.
The guy I love Ron.
Well, he's the leader of the pack.
He was the first reason I had considered Austin.
And this was actually before the pandemic.
I always loved it here and you know, on it was always here, so I was always visiting here.
But when he was, it was, I guess 2018, when he decided to get a place, he was like, you know, it was just sitting in the country, I could travel there from anywhere, my son's here, I fucking love it, it's beautiful, great food, nice people.
[48:03] I'm like, damn, can I live in Texas?
Can I live in Austin?
Like that doesn't make any sense.
I'm like, they have one club, you know, it was like Cap City was on the way out.
Now I guess it was like 2019 when it really crumbled, right?
It was like, was it during COVID?
It was at the beginning of COVID I think.
So it was still, it still was there, but it was a weekend club, right?
So you'd have your headliners who come in for the weekend, so like when would I be able to do shows?
Like maybe I could do late night shows there, or maybe I could do like guest spots there, like maybe.
But you were also thinking, wasn't it Utah or something like that?
I remember how bad that would have been.
Yeah, I thought about Utah.
But with Utah, I thought about getting up because I have a buddy who lives in Park City.
I was like, maybe I get a place in Park City and then I could just drive down to Wise Guys.
Cause Wise Guys in Salt Lake is the shit.
That is a fucking great club.
That's one of my favorite clubs to go to.
And Salt Lake people are fun, man.
They're fun.
People think, oh, the Mormons, like, no, it's the people that aren't the Mormons [49:00] that want to go out.
Biggest horse too.
And then the Mormons.
That may just ass sex everywhere.
That was the Mormons, yeah.
That doesn't count.
So when you're out in a place like that, if you're a comic, you've got to make, there's got to be a consideration like where could I go up?
Like Montana was like there's no place.
There's no, I've got nothing.
Like apparently there's a little bit of a comedy scene in Bozeman now that might have started up around the pandemic or slightly before the pandemic.
Can you imagine if he still lived in Denver how liberal you would be?
You'd be like, I can't.
Yeah, I can't.
You'd be so crazy.
I would resist it.
That's hilarious.
You think I would just get into that nonsense.
You'd be like a hippie.
No, the hippie's already annoying me.
That was only there for four months.
I know you got the fuck out of here.
I was living next to an ashram.
And I went to visit the lady in the ashram and I was talking to her and she's spraying bug spray on ants.
And I was like, yo.
[50:01] So her and I had like this bizarre philosophical conversation.
I go, but you are a Buddhist and you believe in a sanctity of life and that all things are living things are important.
You just killed thousands of them casually in front of me.
Like, you just fucking casually in front of me rated these ants.
And I was like, this is kind of crazy.
This is kind of a crazy thing to do, you just did.
Yeah.
Not only that, you did it, you're poisoning yourself.
Like that shit, it's like super toxic.
Even if you can smell it, you're breathing it in.
If you can breathe it in, it's bad for you.
Like it's killing those ants instantly.
What's it doing to you?
You're just bigger than an ant.
If it was at the same dose, you get the same dose of rad that an ant gets.
I mean, I don't know how it kills ants, but I got to imagine it's not sophisticated.
It's not like some genetic alteration.
It stops their heart from beating.
Probably poison, like horrible, horrible poison.
I used to like the smell of rad when I was a kid.
It was great.
I love that smell.
I love that smell in markers.
[51:06] Yeah.
Do you know anything about this?
I don't know if we've ever talked about that speaking in the kind of same line about gas, a stove's being poisonous for you.
Terrible for you.
Lower your IQ.
Yeah.
What the fuck dude?
What the fuck dude?
The latest reports are are scary.
No, like that, but when I was a kid, I remember like you walked by the stove and you could smell it.
Oh yeah.
And though I got a pilot, like must be out like, oh, what?
Is it just fucking gas flow around the apartment?
Right.
Yeah.
That probably lowered our IQs.
You know another thing that lowered our IQs?
Led from gasoline.
When they had let it gasoline.
Oh, that's right.
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah, led from gasoline, lowered IQs by a measurable amount.
Whoa.
Kids who lived in homes with gas stoves experience levels of nitrogen dioxide triple to those who came from homes of the electric stoves.
[52:01] Kids from homes with gas stoves fared marginally worse on cognitive tasks.
Again, a point or two out of a hundred point scale.
So it made them a little dumber.
It would probably affect their health.
It should also make you a little dumber if you're tired.
I think the latest study said it's like having, it's like breathing in the highway, like fumes in your house.
Oh, God.
About the same level.
Like we just worked on a highway every day.
Yeah, how many people have ever gone through the fucking house with like an air scanner?
Yeah, I've never done that.
No, but I have a lot of those things that clean the air.
I have like huge industrial ones all around.
Oh, that's good.
Yeah, that'll help you.
That'll help you a little bit, but I don't know if that'll help you from gas.
No, I don't think that works with that, right?
So the gas toast is one thing, but the leaded gasoline thing is a crazy one.
Because they put lead in gasoline.
So I guess it stops the engine from pinging.
I'm a moron, even though I love cars.
I don't really exactly know like what happened with lead and unleaded, [53:05] but they had let it gasoline forever.
Like when I was a kid, when I had muscle cars, you had to get let it gasoline to make the muscle car run good.
Like unleaded gasoline, it would run like shit.
And so we all had, like I don't even know when they came out with unleaded gasoline, but I remember for sure, when I was younger, there was options.
You get letted or unleaded.
It's like 82, probably.
And when you, you always, everybody wanted letted.
But when you were, when you were driving around, you were that shit from those pipes, all that exhaust, all the burning of that letted gasoline, literally poisoned the ground 70s unleaded gasoline was introduced in the 1970s when health problems from lead became apparent in the United States Let it gasoline for use on non-road vehicles was completely phased out of January 1st, 1996 Most other countries have also stopped using let it gasoline [54:03] But now find out what the effect leaded gasoline had on IQs, because that was what was disturbing.
So they were saying that people in urban areas that had a lot of cars traveling back and forth.
My friend lived in Brooklyn, my friend, Steve Rinalo.
He lived in Brooklyn for a while, and he was going to grow plants in his backyard, but he had very smart, and he was gonna grow plants in his backyard, but he has, cause he's very smart, so he had a soil tested.
And he found it's like filled with lead, from leaded gasoline, from the fucking 60s and the 50s and shit, it's just in the dirt.
According to a 2022 study published in the proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, childhood exposure to leaded gasoline has caused a loss of 824 million IQ points for more than 170 million Americans.
Or about half of the US population.
This is based on an average of 2.6 IQ points lost per person.
The study also found that people born in the mid to late 1960s [55:03] may have lost up to six IQ points.
That's me.
While children in the highest levels of lead, with the highest levels of lead in their blood, may have lost more than seven IQ points on average.
This is reminding me of this thing that hit the internet yesterday about 100% of testicles having microplastics.
Did you see that?
I just rub that down.
Maybe yours, bitch.
Maybe yours.
We know I was watching Paul Saladino have this thing on his Instagram that I was looking at today about plastic cutting boards.
And he was like, just let me show you what happens with the plastic cutting boards.
Oh, yeah.
Like this is going to get into your food for sure, and you're going to eat it.
Like this is not good.
Yeah, I knew about that a long time ago, but that's exactly what microplastics is.
Microplastics found in every human testicle in the study.
Can we go back to plastic straws then?
Yeah.
Can we just go back to plastic straws?
I promise I'll throw them away.
Okay, the problem is really not with straws and turtles.
[56:03] The problems with garbage management, they're doing a shit job of, they're like approximately getting all the garbage.
It's a pretty small study.
23 testicles and 47 balls.
It's 46 balls.
47 testies from pet dogs.
They found microplastic pollution in every single sample.
So it's probably in everything.
I mean, it's probably in everything.
Even though that's a small sample, you got to think of like how much plastic is being used.
What's it even mean?
Like, are we stronger?
Maybe just to put us in the microwave or something?
No, it makes it's an endocrine disruptor.
The problem is it's measurable, measurable decrease in testosterone with males, measurable decrease in fertility with women, a lot more miscarriages, and it's all correlates directly with microplastics, directly with when you're microwaving, food with saran wrap on it, in a plastic container, [57:02] and there's like little chips of plastic that come when you open up packages and You know there's there was an estimate and we were trying to figure out exactly whether or not it was accurate, but that every week you eat One credit card.
Oh, it's your own plastic which is insane Insane human testicles had a plastic concentration almost three times higher than that found the dogs of course had a plastic concentration almost three times higher than that found the dogs.
Of course, because like we're not just eating dog food that comes out of a can or a bowl, we're constantly eating food that comes from plastic.
330 micrograms per gram of tissue compared to 123 micrograms.
Polyethylene used in plastic bags and bottles was the most common microplastic found followed by PVC.
So shit from pipes, so the pipes were you drinking your water, and then polyethylene, which is used in plastic bottles, which is what everyone's drinking out of, and you drink out of them when they've been sitting, how long did they sit on the dock before they got to the delivery truck?
[58:01] Like, we could buy like bargain water.
If you're buying bargain plastic bottle water, is there a chain of custody where they can show at every step of the way it was in a controlled environment where it wouldn't be heated up where the plastic from the bottle would leach into your water and give you like this toxic stew that's killing your nuts?
Because that's what it does.
It kills your nuts.
It makes your tank shrink.
That's not a bad thing.
It is good.
You don't want your asshole closer to your balls, I want.
No.
There's a certain manageable distance and nature's already figured that out.
It's exactly what it is.
This lady from...
She's from Harvard, right?
Shannon Swan.
She was on the podcast.
She explained to us that with mammals, when you look at their taints, the length of the taint is, you could tell if it's a male or a female, even if it's like a gerbil, because the male taints are 50 to 100% larger.
But since the introduction of plastics, [59:01] the taints are shrinking on men and the balls and the dicks are shrinking too.
So we're becoming genderless through plastic.
So as we have more technology, I think of all this trans stuff.
We'll go with all this trans stuff.
All this crazy stuff is going on non-binary.
I don't identify with this feminizing of American men, demonizing of masculinity.
What is that?
Well, it's maybe AI and technology changing the organism to better suit its goal.
Its goal is taking over.
What better way than eliminate all sexual breeding, eliminate biological human beings completely, just slowly make them into this genderless mess that can't reproduce anymore, and has to adopt artificial intelligence for the future of the species.
Fucked up.
Right?
What wouldn't you do it that way?
Wouldn't you do it that way?
[1:00:00] And you make it really convenient to use the plastic.
Plastics everywhere, you make it convenient.
And so this dumb animal keeps using the plastic over and over and over again.
And as it keeps using the plastic, then its species becomes less and less viable.
What if the dogs were AI?
They're the ones doing it.
I don't think so.
What time to cure this happens that?
No, I'm just starting to think.
140 degrees.
Don't bring plastic water bottles into the sauna.
Oh yeah, definitely.
It's just like you're creating more of them.
Yeah, oh you're definitely if you're doing it in a sauna.
Especially temperatures higher than above 140.
Yeah, bottle water companies follow safety, safety standards to minimize risk.
Sure they do.
Yeah, I was just sure they do.
What are your safety standards, bitch?
There's 158 other things in 200.
There's a test.
I was just looking at that they at room temperature.
There wasn't a lot of activity they found, but as soon as they put it up to 50 degrees Celsius, they started testing all sorts of stuff for showing up.
What is 50 degrees Celsius in that's pretty hot.
It's like 180 or something like that.
100 would be 212.
[1:01:07] 100 is 212.
Boiling point.
50 degrees is 122.
And one point of Celsius is 100 and Fahrenheit is 212.
So at 122 they start measuring chemicals leaching.
And that's not even that it could be outside here.
And that's so easy.
Yeah, especially like what if this bottle water's coming from another country and it's on a boat across the fucking ocean the entire time We're just cooking you leave your bottle in your car in the sun, you know, and then come back and drink it Yeah, that stuff is just cooking.
Yeah, it's cooking and it's turning us into some weird thing Where our dicks are shrinking and our sperm count is lowering and we're becoming confused about gender.
Like I think they might all be related to technology because it's a part of technology.
Like one of the most important residues of technology.
Like the residue of technology, a lot of it is like minerals and plastics and all this stuff just gets out into the environment and ground fills and land fills and gets into [1:02:04] the ocean.
It's like all this stuff that we use that makes more technology is all bad for us.
The minerals are bad for us, the plastic is bad for us, but yeah, we're addicted to technology.
And all technology is plastic, can I?
Like there are just the wires that are covered in plastic, there's plastic this, there's plastic that.
What do you think it's- When do you think it started though?
Like when the that are covered in plastic, this plastic, this is plastic that.
What do screens made of?
When you think it started though, like when the first computer was created, because like that, and then plastic was made like two months later.
I think this is what I think.
I think technology is a life form.
And I think it's just a sea of life forms, different kinds of life forms, but they're operating at a different frequency so we don't think of them as a life form.
We think of ourselves as a life form because we have sex to make babies, we raise the babies, we have community, we have this like thing that we all do together, [1:03:01] but we are a life form.
We have clothes, we have a mortgage, we are a life form.
This is just a thing I made This is just a computer.
This is just an electric car.
This is just a thing.
I think there's a misunderstanding of the relationship and I think that us the smart monkeys make this us the smart monkeys make this.
We make this and our desire for this is what fuels constant innovation.
No one's ever satisfied.
No matter how dope everything is, even if your refrigerator got the exact expiration date of your orange juice, even if your phone had a hundred hour battery life, no one's happy.
I want the new one the new one's 150 I could just charge it once and use it for a month yay and no one's gonna be happy no matter what 200 megapixel this guy's two million I could see the sun no one's gonna be happy you're not gonna be happy until you can see past Jupiter you not gonna be happy until you can fucking look on your phone and see the inside of [1:04:02] a black hole and then you won't be happy.
Because this new phone, this new phone can get you to the big bag if it really happened, if that ever really happened.
You can go back to that.
The new phone let you see everything.
You can literally look into the past with the new phone.
While the new phone, after the new phone, lets you create the past in a different way.
You can actually go back in time with the new phone.
It'll just never stop.
It'll never stop.
And we're gonna be trans.
Everyone's gonna, everyone's gonna shrivel up.
We're all gonna be non-binary.
It's, there's no way out of it.
We're poisoning ourselves and we're not hitting the brakes.
And we're gonna, we're just gonna slide into this genderless future.
And some people were gonna be really happy about it.
And I think they wrote about it in the Bible when they said the meek won't hurt the earth.
Ha ha ha ha.
I think it's in the Bible and I'm not kidding.
Oh God.
Who knows?
I'm not kidding.
As more time goes on, I'm not kidding.
I think the Bible got that one right.
[1:05:00] Ha ha ha ha ha.
I think they did, I think, you know, a lot got lost in translation.
They forgot to mention plastics turning into a bitch.
But that's what it is.
And that's why I think Noah's ark is real brine.
I don't think that's real.
But I do think that, I do think that we're on a slide of a cycle that probably has been predicted by cultures that study the rise and declines of civilizations because it's hard to say because everything is written down right and when everything is written down is written down with the people who won.
So you have like approximations of how things went down and why someone said this it's sometimes you don't really know especially go back like 2,000, 3,000 years ago.
But I think if you get an overall understanding of what happens when a country takes over and when things start happening, and it seems like you get these badass warriors, these savage people who dominate a place and take control and then start to prosper and everything [1:06:07] starts kick and ask and then you have ancient Rome and you have ancient Greece but all of them fall apart.
All of them are gone.
All of you go to Rome now it's a joke it's cab drivers and fucking shitty tourist pizza places.
You know it used to be the center of the fucking universe.
And now it's a joke.
It's a great place to visit.
Don't get me wrong.
It's beautiful.
The Coliseum's amazing.
I recommend it.
The Vatican is fucking incredible.
But it's not run in the world.
It's not the head of the army of the world.
It used to be.
It used to be the baddest motherfuckers that conquered everything.
Same thing with Mongolia.
I mean, when Ginghis Khan was running things, then they'd killed 10% of the population from that spot.
He was dominating like a giant chunk of the world.
And now it's just a regular place, you know?
Cause it fell apart.
They all fall apart.
And so some people have studied the rise and fall [1:07:03] of civilizations.
And they say you can really predict it.
It's just like when things start going too well, people start getting really soft and silly and entitled.
And you get the rise of people that are trying to get attention for no fucking reason, and you get debauchery.
And then with Rome, it's always connected with Sodom and Gamora stuff.
And that, you know, there was all just, they were all just fucking each other and eat until they puked and then go back and eat again.
You know, there's always those stories of glutney and it's just like that it eventually falls apart that it always does.
And if that's true, that's where we're at.
We're at this crazy part.
We're at this crazy part right before.
Right before.
Right before.
Yeah.
Where the president is like clearly gone.
And everybody's like, no, he's amazing.
Everybody's, all these fucking people, because they don't want the other guy to win, are just lying to everyone and ruining their credibility.
Because no one's admitting, like, okay.
[1:08:01] I'm willing to vote Democrat.
Show me one that says something that makes sense that I can trust that's not dying.
To show me one that's younger.
Show me one that is a reasonable centrist that makes sense with all this.
But they don't want to do that.
They just want to keep trotting this crazy situation out where you get this Alzheimer's patient or whatever he's got dementia and he's Like making shit up and just saying things and everybody has to correct him and it's like But and everyone knows what's going on But no one on one side is willing to say it because if you say it then it's gonna empower Trump who's Hitler It's like holy shit kids This is a this is not good.
This is not a good place to be.
And this is like what you would expect of a society that's collapsing.
You just never wanna think your society's gonna collapse.
Like, no, dude, the Romans were retarded.
Like those guys were idiots.
They didn't know what to do.
They should have stopped throwing up.
[1:09:01] Start fucking each other and just go to work.
Fix your streets.
AI will be a present in some day.
I don't think that's the worst idea.
Now I think about it a lot.
I think about it as a scary thing because it would be hard to argue with it.
It could say that it could manage people in a far more fair and even way and completely eliminate this high level poverty that we see in the country and reduce crime like radically.
Why wouldn't you let it do it?
We should have a beta.
The whole country should have a beta test of it.
Like all right, we're going to do it per week basis.
What do you think it would do?
It'd probably clean up and be fixed everything.
Why don't we ask AI?
Let's ask it.
Let's ask chat GPT-40.
How do I phrase this?
I was thinking to one, would you rather have it like one AI, [1:10:00] like one AI over Lord President with like five, you know, three to five people that can check on it, or like a cabinet of AI with one person picking those decisions.
Oh yeah, a cabinet of AI.
Absolutely.
Like a transportation focus.
Yeah, but I don't think one person should be charged to pick in that.
Maybe three to five watching that then.
No, maybe a large group of people to prevent corruption and tyranny.
You have to be real careful that.
But I think that if you, because people are gonna, look, we've already seen it with social media.
People that are like ideologically captured are gonna try to suppress accurate information because they don't think it's gonna be good for their side.
If you don't think they're gonna do that with AI, if they have some method of controlling systems, they're gonna do do that with AI, if they have some method of controlling systems, they're going to do it.
But I think that if you had only one AI that's way more dangerous than having a bunch of AI's, and I think one of the most important things that's happening right now is open-source AI, right?
So you have these AI's that want to be controlled.
[1:11:00] They want to control AI like Gemini, Google wants to control it.
But what they're trying to do with the open source people are trying to do is have more people involved, get it better, and keep it open source.
So you never have one AI that's dominating everything.
And if the open source AI, if it succeeds, and this is the best one, that's better for everybody.
And if it can get through that door fast enough where it gets through that door before these corporate controlled AI's takeover, it could maybe make it so that it's not possible for the corporate controlled AI's to takeover.
Maybe set boundaries in place where you have it completely benefit in the people and not just get to the situation we have right now with like Google for instance where like one company dominates the searching of information which is nuts and profits off [1:12:00] of your data which you didn't even know was a commodity and apparently is the most important and most valuable commodity.
So this one company has massive influence over giant chunks of the population and their ideological captured.
So much so that they're fucking Gemini software when they first released it, they had to pull it because it showed like, show us a Nazi soldier and it shows like an Asian woman.
You know what I mean?
A lot of it shows like an Asian woman.
I know.
One of them was a Native American woman.
It was like ridiculous.
Yeah, that was stupid.
It's so dumb.
You have black Nazis.
Like, what are you talking about?
What is this?
It couldn't help but be woke.
It couldn't represent things accurately.
It had to do things with some DEI twist to it.
So that's real bad.
That kind of shit's real bad, because that kind of shit can change discourse.
It can change people's ability to express themselves so we can't find out what's true.
Just because something makes someone feel better doesn't mean it's right or accurate.
[1:13:02] And we gotta be real careful about which one we're siding with.
Because if you only side with feel better and not with accurate, you get San Francisco.
Okay.
Like it doesn't work.
You gotta be able to talk about it.
And if one company is like changing reality to fit its ideology, they're also probably gonna be very hesitant to let people just freely talk about things.
And if the AI is run by a company that just wants to control things and profit off of that control, that's scary because we didn't see social media power coming.
No one, nobody saw the idea that Facebook could be that important to like world elections.
Nobody saw that comment.
If they did, they probably would have put the brakes to it a long fucking time ago.
I think this AI shit is gonna make that look like the printing press.
And I think if the open source people don't get to it first, if they don't create a sentient AI first, if they don't dominate first, it could get real strange.
[1:14:08] It gets real strange.
If one of those fuckers goes live and starts like doing things with sentient AI and quantum computing and has the resources, because apparently this AI thing, one of the things about it is it requires a mince amount of power, a min immense amount of resources, computer power to run.
We're just in Bitcoin.
Yeah.
It's real bad.
Well this is what people are saying is a bottleneck, but not for a giant corporation that knows that the control of it will be worth trillions and trillions of dollars.
You essentially be the king of the world.
You want to ask AI about the president thing?
See what he says?
Yeah.
Right here.
What do I say?
I'll just push the button and then you just talk to it, right?
Hi.
I have a question.
If you were going to be the leader of the United States, if we elected AI to be the leader [1:15:05] of the United States, how could a i to be the leader of the united states how could we fix all of our problems what would be the most rational solution to fix our problems of poverty gang violence overcrowded prisons and the divide between what's it the elected as the leader of the United States addressing complex issues like poverty and gang violence would involve a multifaceted approach based on data research and collaboration with human experts.
Here are some key steps in AI might consider.
One, data-driven policymaking utilized vast amounts of data to identify root causes of poverty and violence.
This could include analyzing economic trends, social behaviors, and community needs.
Two, education and job training.
Invest heavily in education and job training programs to provide people with the skills needed [1:16:00] for high demand jobs.
This helps reduce poverty by increasing employment opportunities.
Three community programs develop community-based programs that provide support, mentorship, and resources to add resources to- Sounds like a politician.
Event them from joining gangs for economic support, implement policies that ensure a basic standard of living for all, such as a universal basic income, affordable housing, and access to healthcare.
Five, criminal justice reform.
Reform the criminal justice system to focus more on rehabilitation and less on punishment, providing former offenders with the support they need to reintegrate into society.
Six, collaboration with experts, work closely with sociologists, economists, educators, and other experts to continuously improve and adapt policies based on what works best.
7.
Public engagement.
Engage with the public to ensure policies reflect the needs and desires of the community, fostering a sense of inclusion and cooperation.
These steps would require careful implementation and ongoing assessment to adapt strategies based on their effectiveness.
[1:17:06] What do you think?
I think that makes sense.
That makes more than any politician has ever made sense.
Like no politicians ever set out a plan like that.
I'm glad you think so.
Sometimes taking a logical and data-driven approach can bring fresh perspectives.
Politicians often have to balance many interests and sometimes face challenges in implementing comprehensive plans.
That's a nice way she's hating on politicians.
See how she's hating on politicians and offering herself as a better solution?
It's already started.
Did you pick the voice?
Yeah, I picked Black woman.
I like Black lady voice better than white one.
So what are the voice?
Yeah, I picked black woman.
I like black lady voice better than white one.
So what are the options?
I try to find where I did this.
Can you have like an English dude?
English dudes always seems like they know more about what they're talking about.
I believe them.
That's what they used for information.
Yeah, but I don't like using guys.
It's a gem.
[1:18:02] Open AI accused of mimicking Scarlett Johansson.
Oh no.
Do you hear about this?
You didn't hear about this?
I don't know the details.
She sued.
She, according to her, she was asked to do it and declined.
Oh wow.
And then they did it.
And they're right before they put it out the other day.
They asked again for her to reconsider her.
They got a girl that sounds like her.
It's not her.
You know what I mean?
I don't like her anyway.
Like a lot.
Okay, but is it AI and AI voice?
No, it's a woman's, it's like Siri where it's a real person that they hired that just happens to sound exactly like her.
But do they know who the real person is?
Yeah, yeah, they do.
But they don't, they don't they don't don't think anybody think they've said who it is yet Well, how do you know it's a real person and not just like right?
They beat it up.
Yeah, Scarlett you handsets his open AI copied her voice Sam Alman denies it.
Okay, this woman exists that did it though This is what I understand that I don't that word to have to probably come up like here's the thing [1:19:00] Like if you were gonna sell Magnum condoms and Trump kept saying no, he won't do the ad and then you got Shane Gillis to do the Do works My condoms are the biggest condoms you I mean Would you have a case there yet?
But Trump is like very recognizable his voice how recognizable is Scarlett Johansson's voice We cast the voice actor behind Skye's voice before any outreach to Miss Johansson.
Out of respect for Miss Johansson, we have paused using Skye's voice in our products.
We are sorry to Miss Johansson that we didn't communicate better.
Ooh.
Yeah, I'm gonna try to make you hear it.
What are you saying?
I think it's either a hot...
why would you, here's a problem with what they just said.
Why would you stop using a voice of someone you hired before you communicated with Scarlett Johansson?
Because she's so happy, she's so disney, remember?
And right before, so they just don't wanna get sued.
[1:20:01] Yeah, because right before he even put, he tweeted her.
That's all he put, you know, like, from the movie.
The movie, yeah.
Well, here's her.
Here's her.
I mean, the voice that they use for sky reading her statement.
Okay.
So you know what's here?
Last September, I received an offer from Sam Altman who wantedives and help consumers to feel comfortable with the seismic shift concerning humans and AI.
He said he felt that my voice would be comforting to people.
After much consideration and for personal reasons, I declined the offer.
Nine months later, my friends, family, and the general public all noted how much the newest system named Sky sounded like me.
When I heard the release demo, I was shocked, angered, and in disbelief that Mr.
Altman would pursue a voice that sounded so eerily similar to mine, that my closest friends and news outlets could not tell the difference.
[1:21:04] Mr.
Altman, can I hear her talk?
Yeah can I hear her talk?
I don't know.
I don't remember.
I don't remember the voice.
I mean here's the other voice.
You could have told me that was her voice and I would I just.
Hello I'm really excited about teaming up with you and I'm all set to dive in.
Hey I'm ready to hit the ground running so if there's anything you'd like me to let's hear So Scarlett Johansson's voice right here that you just poison my memory Let me hear her voice Is she in her?
Yeah, she's the voice of her which is right It's gonna sound strange, but I was really excited about that.
And then I was thinking about the other things I've been feeling and I caught myself feeling proud of that, you know proud of having my own feelings about the world like [1:22:03] the times I was worried about you.
She has a much more raspy voice.
Yeah, and let's just this see.
It's so whole lot.
That's it.
It was intentional tweeting a single word.
Yeah, it's out.
No, it's also her, you know, she's actually saying it in the movie and this is the AI recreation of it.
Right, right, right.
She was set it with different intonations She's being sexy in the movie right.
She's doing that on purpose Yeah, you and in the raspy Just make the seara Yeah, but jank and whiskey I miss you even though I'm not real That's happening mm-hmm.
There's guys already right now that are having online relationships with AI girlfriends that they're giving like thousands of dollars a month to.
I've used it.
I've had AI girlfriends and it's great because you get to choose how slutty they are before.
[1:23:00] I want to really slutty.
And so you get like you chatt and forth.
Yes, dirty bitch.
I'll be like send me a picture of your asshole.
No joke.
Send me a bend over your bed and send me a picture of your asshole and they will make an AI that looks like a real woman bending over and spreading her ass and showing her asshole.
And I'm like, so you really believe you're in a relationship with the crew?
Oh, 100% because the photos look real.
They don't look like drawings.
They're like you're recommending this product Yeah, yeah, you know It's fun.
It's fun.
So if you want the thrill of cheating, but you don't really want to cheat right you get a of robot Yeah, send you pictures of their asshole and that's the cool thing because you can make it they're sending you photos other Asked with the you know, it's a person Yeah, you get to choose what kind of girl you're getting at the beginning, you get to, you can make it look like whoever you want it to look like.
And then like you make your boobs as big as you want that.
You know, this is going to be guys that want to make it look like their acts.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, 100%.
And then they kind of keep the relationship of all involved in some sort of mass-pertory way, even though she doesn't want nothing to do with you.
And in this way, she's like sending you pictures [1:24:06] of her asshole, you know, like we're still in v- and then when you see her, you run into her at the supermarket, you're like, hey, it's been great, Chad, what's up?
What the fuck are you talking about?
It's up to their eyes, man.
I've heard of a few years.
There Instead of done something like that word, I think they're being not abused, but like their image and likeness has been taken into AI online.
Oh yeah, for sure.
So they've gone ahead and just like, I'll make my own version, then use mine.
Use my, this is me, this is my AI app, and then go ahead and do whatever you want with it.
Give me the money at least.
Do you know there's companies, like half of only fans I heard is fake people.
Like seriously it's the same shit where like they're using AI to uploading photos and using like I need to upload a new photo set for these guys so I want photos of me outside wearing a yellow bikini bending over my asshole and they don't like do a new update on only fans and people think it's like real people make sense.
[1:25:04] Yeah of course I I mean, just think of how many different scammers that are out there in the world.
Why wouldn't they scam on that?
Like you've got like needy, horny guys that are donating money to girls that are never gonna meet.
Yeah.
How I make $20,000 a month in passive income using AI and only fans.
Yeah, tutorial.
From here.
This is a tutorial.
Oh, that's so sad.
So sad.
And now they have videos.
So what they do is like kind of that shit where they put the face on somebody else's body.
And it's the face that you're talking to you.
And it's just a girl sitting there and mastering me, but it's actually a fake face on her that looks real.
Yeah.
It's like insane.
It's insane how good it is now.
Yeah, you know, like I saw one with Obama opening up cans of Bud Light.
He was like doing a version of Duc Dylan Mulvaney.
And you know, it's but it's Obama.
And he's opening up the can of Bud Light and he's like talking like a girl.
It's hilarious.
I saw something that's too good.
Do you see the Will Smith Chris Rock [1:26:01] sitting down and having a conversation?
No.
I just saw this last night and I was like, oh, they got together and they're like talking it out.
And then I was like, wait a second, this is AI.
I think it's AI.
I'm gonna of you see that video on YouTube or anything, but it looks like they're talking.
And Chris Rock's like sitting there listening to Will Smith and whatever Will Smith's saying is like, oh, what a weird thing to say.
It's and it looks so real.
Really?
Yeah, it's, here it is.
I don't know if this is fake.
I think it's AI.
Yeah, it's gotta be.
But it's real.
Yeah, this is good.
I mean, they're created a bunch of it.
They have another one here's but did Kanye and An Elon ever talked to each other for real not when Elon not when Kanye look like this This is really young.
This is old super young.
That's the old Kanye, but that's young Elon too.
Look how young you on this Okay, have you never heard where's where's the the history of the talk show that I only has 25,000 subscribers [1:27:02] I'm YouTube with all his major interviews Listen man.
Yeah, that's fair.
They've just been uploading these waiting to drop them to rock our world.
What else is there David Lynch remiss?
James, James Dean.
Oh, they got James Dean.
Oh, James Dean.
Yeah, yeah, I mean, there's James Dean.
Where's James Dean?
Hold on, hold on.
I want to see him in a conversation easy real Farrell Nas and Mako more Kevin Spacey talking to no one This is brilliant That's hilarious.
I mean it looks really good looks so wherever this guy's around the channel or whoever made this channel is really There you go Jonas holler up.
Helly amazing good work The channel is really, there you go.
Jonas, Holler up, helly.
Amazing.
Good work.
Yeah, it's amazing what we're going to be seeing in the future in regards to fake stuff.
Like if I was an actress, I'd be terrified because I'm definitely gonna be doing porn.
Oh, Robin Williams.
See more Hoffman.
Oh my God, wow.
[1:28:00] I wanna watch this.
Oh, I saw this, I saw this.
Yeah, don't play, don't play.
I know, just fucking hate it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
What was I just saying?
What was I just saying?
Oh, you can just...
God damn it.
Hey, what did we just say?
There was something about, what was the video that we watched right before that before you switched to that one?
Sharon David Lynch Kanye Neelan I don't remember James Steve.
I don't remember I gave up I gave up So what well Smith Chris rock Yeah, they they still haven't talked?
No, I don't think so.
Well, Chris Rock went pretty hard on him in this special.
He went pretty hard.
There's a weird new addout for this bad boys movie with Will and Martin Lawrence.
[1:29:01] And you know, you're watching it and like, you can't help but think about him slapping Chris Rock.
Like, it's just, that's the thing you see now.
You're like, shit, this is weird.
Yeah, it's still not over it.
Like, it's, it, look, this, I heard this is pretty awesome though.
But it's like when someone does something like that, everything they do, you now see the slap.
And that's what it was like, what a crazy moment.
If he doesn't do that thing, how are you gonna come back from that?
You know what I'm saying?
It's like, whoever you used to be, now you're the guy that slapped Chris Rock at The Oscars.
Now you're that guy.
Over night.
Yeah, regardless of how, what a career that dude has had.
You know, I mean, that dude has had you know i mean that dude has been some amazing movies which i try to watch i am legend the other day the special effects so bad was it that long sir a sequel coming out i think is there a hope so i hope so maybe that'll bring back [1:30:01] yeah but the um...
the lions look so corny.
They look so corny.
They were, it took me right out of the movie.
I'm like, oh no.
It's like claymation.
It looks so stupid.
Yeah, I was watching Star Wars.
Remember when they went back and they fucked with like Yoda instead of making it a puppet.
They made them CGI and stuff like that.
Like they redid Star Wars like 10, 15 years ago and remastered it.
Now you watch it.
Now you watch it and it looks like the worst 3D effects like it's like, oh, this looks worse than a Muppet and like now it looks like you're getting attacked by.
The Muppet part was cool.
Yeah, that was, yeah.
Part of it was cool that like he moved so weird.
You know, you wanted him to move that way.
Right.
That's, it was charming.
I'm happy I can.
Yeah.
It's funny how those movies, see look how silly it looks now.
It looks like now he moves way too good.
Yeah.
He looks, he also looks fake.
You know what I'm saying?
[1:31:00] Yeah.
It's like that's the argument that special effects guys have about CGI versus makeup.
Right.
Like that looks fake Yeah, it's like that's the argument that special effects guys have about CGI versus makeup right like that looks fake.
Yeah, there's shadowing off the lighting Yeah, it looks like it doesn't look good.
I mean it doesn't even look good fake.
That looks real It just looks fake like what year was those that Yoda one where they did that Look look yeah, dude that looks so fake and it just takes you right out of it now go to the original yoda but think about the original yoda even though you knew it wasn't real the original yoda is still like a physical thing that exists and so your brain registers it as a physical thing and that's these guys like um...
pat me gu who made our American world from London and Rick Baker, the guy who created the movie and did all the effects in Star Wars too.
That's what they are.
They're the big proponents of makeup and special effect like actual things.
Look at the puppet, how much cooler it looks.
I almost see here.
Yeah, the puppet looks like a real thing.
[1:32:09] The puppet, like even though looks goofy, like it's a doll, I buy a doll that's a magical kung fu thing.
More than I'll buy CGI.
CGI just like, I have to pretend that there's a thing there, but I know there's not a thing there.
You're just lying to me.
You know, the puppet's better.
By far.
Wow, you know, they did look different, huh?
Yeah.
They didn't even make the puppet look the same.
No, really?
Yeah.
I mean, they changed the CGI guy to make them like more sleepy looking.
Yeah.
And younger.
Weird.
Why would they change the face?
We know what the face looks like you fuckheads.
Why would you change the face?
This feels like a Mandela effecting.
I'm like, I don't even remember the one on the left.
Me neither.
It looks like something.
Bro, they changed his face so much for no, who did that?
Who gizzed in the soup?
You could, if it's a puppet, if it's a CGI puppet, you could have made it the exact model of the original one.
Exactly.
I wonder what conversations they had.
That's why these producers, they get in there [1:33:08] and like, you know, I think if we made Yoda in his late 60s instead of 80s, like just to consider it, let's just consider it.
Let's just dial him back a little.
That's the original Yoda, right?
He looks like shit.
Yeah, looks like a drunk chick.
Oh.
Happy I can.
Yeah, looks like a drunk chick.
Oh.
That'd be alright, Ken.
Yeah, when that's how Yoda's supposed to look.
You can't change Yoda's face.
It's like Yoda's imposter.
Like that new Yoda down there, go to that one in the middle, next to that to the left.
No, above it, to the right, go to the right, right there.
Bam.
Who's that?
That looks like a drawing.
Is that like you go to visit your grandpa and like that guy's there?
And he's like, oh grandson, I've missed you.
Like you're not my grandpa.
What the fuck did you do with my real grandpa?
Right?
Right?
That's weird.
Imagine if you went to visit your grandpa and you're like, hey, something's wrong here.
You're not my grandpa.
[1:34:01] Herp you're a crime.
What?
my grandpa.
Harp your car.
What the fuck did you do with my grandpa?
Or what's the what's the guy's name?
The main guy that was in charge of Darth Vader the Emperor?
If you look at what the Emperor used to look like and what this CGI one looks like, it's like a totally different person.
Mm.
Yeah.
Yeah, I kind of fell out of interest in Star Wars, which I never thought was gonna happen.
I thought Star Wars is gonna be like the Avengers for me.
Like every time a new one came out, fuck you.
Yeah.
I'm gonna see that.
Star Wars something happened and it just got boring to me.
It's just too much They overdid it too much.
Well, there's so many of them and then you know when they started going woke I was like oh I haven't watched a dude and then when they fired Gina Carano from the man.
Oh, yeah, that's right shut up Yeah, that's forgot about that good Lord.
What are you doing?
What about they were saying doon is just like Star Wars is really [1:35:06] There's a different version of dune and dune is like well better version Supposedly the guy that made dune went and saw Star Wars and went home and made Dune or I think that's what the story was maybe I'm wrong Well dune is based on a novel, right?
Right like he saw the original Star Wars and then went home and wrote Dune about really like the same guy you got so interesting 1965 novel novel upon which Dune is based also inspired the storytelling of Star Wars.
Ah, that's the other way around the other way.
Okay.
Yeah, I thought it was yeah, earlier too, but I heard Dune the new Dune too is the shit.
I mean I heard I keep hearing it from everybody that's really good.
Fallout is what you need if you haven't watched that.
Let's fall out.
Fallout's based on the video game, one of my favorite video games ever, but Fallout is a new Amazon show.
And it's Johnny Pempertons in it.
And what is the little bout?
Here's a new going off in my class of Angeles [1:36:02] and then the quote unquote fallout of after that.
Oh, wow.
That's a guy.
I mean, guy.
See like a veritable camelot, the nuclear age.
It's based off of the game and there's a lot of like, you know, uh, alliterations out of the same, but there's also stuff that's not the same.
Mm.
Get the right thrown story and make it for us.
It's so stupid that we can't play this trailer.
You dummies.
I'm just trying to make your movie bigger.
Yeah, I don't get trailers.
Like that's the point of it.
That's the point of a trailer.
Yeah, why can't I show you?
The trailer without getting dinged.
Yeah, that's the dump, one of the dumbest things.
It's so dumb.
Wow, the apocalypse.
This does look dope.
Yeah, it's a, in the video games, bad ass.
So is this out in the movie theaters?
Yeah, it's on Amazon.
It's on Amazon?
Yeah.
It is great.
The end of the world.
Fighting bears.
Yeah, we're about to fight the bear.
Damn.
Fighting bear, I'm not gonna lie, it looks like shit.
[1:37:02] Go back and see that fighting bear again.
I'm not gonna lie, it looks like shit.
Go back and see that fighting bear again.
Bro, let me see that bear one more time.
Look at this.
Look at this.
Come on bro, that bear looks like hot dog shit.
That's ridiculous.
Well it's an amus.
I know.
So he's robot fighting.
One try that arm comes back though.
Looks just like a guy.
Let's see.
I'm gonna hook.
Well, bears are built like people, believe it or not.
Unfortunately.
Not totally, but one of the things that disturbs people is when they hunt bears and then they have the bear strung up because it looks like the body of a person Kinga are these are amazing to watch how they so human like with the boxing and shit like that Well, not really they balance on their tail and they kick you well.
Yeah, it's like They fight each other and wrestle each other and choke each other unconscious.
They're fucking ruthless.
Have you ever seen the guy that's on YouTube?
I can't believe I'm an animal rescue guy where he [1:38:12] has kangaroos here in Texas.
He lives in Waco, urban rescue.
Okay.
And he has his own kangaroos and he's just fights with it all the time.
Like it comes up and like, just he's play fight.
Yeah play fights, but it's bad ass You don't want to fight fight with Kangaroo.
They're fucking huge man.
The the is the gray ones of the red ones that are giant But some of them are fucking massive.
They're really big like they can be like eight feet tall, I think What's the tallest I might have been exaggerating there.
What's the tallest kangaroo?
What's the tallest, I might have been exaggerating there.
What's the tallest kangaroo?
Take a guess.
I think it might be eight feet tall.
I would say about seven feet.
Yeah, I think there's one crazy kangaroo that gets gigantic.
Because I remember Eddie if telling me about the first time he ever saw a kangaroo.
Largest confirmed red kangaroo on record was 12.6.9 feet tall.
[1:39:05] In a way, 201 pounds.
confirmed red kangaroo on record was 12 p.
6.9 feet tall.
Oh, in a way, 201 pounds.
Wow.
Okay, so that's the largest one ever.
So almost seven feet tall.
So almost.
So the odds of him seeing a seven foot tall want a pretty low.
So he probably said, but shit, see a six foot tall.
Usually six feet tall.
Kangaroo, what?
Kangaroo, the size of a Vanderholly field?
And is that a Kangaroo like on his feet or not?
Cause they get on their top tiptoes.
That's three feet for the tail.
Yeah, oh yeah, they stand up on their tail.
Yeah, ten feet.
Yeah, ten feet.
Oh fuck.
Yeah, they push themselves up with the tail to kick you.
Which is a wild move, man.
Wild move.
You know, he lift yourself up and they get jacked.
That's Roger the buff kangaroo.
He's so jacked.
Have you ever met or been around a kangaroo?
Not really.
Oh, in Australia, but it was in a zoo, like in a containment place.
You can come to wake up and fuck with one engine if you want to.
[1:40:03] Like the fuck with kangaroos.
Look at your ass dude.
I don't want to get, look at that dude right there.
That one in the middle, he's grabbing that guy's arm.
The one that you just showed.
The one that you just showed.
Look at that.
Look at that.
Look at that.
Look at this dude.
That's the Like arm wrestling with this kangaroo brother kangaroo's grab it Try to fuck them was a kangaroo trying to fuck no, no, he's gonna do something something's not no they do that They like so jack there's this one that had a dog Yeah, I saw that one with a dude Oh, they'll drown dogs.
Oh, yeah, right Doesn't look it's drowning it though.
Well Well, because there's a dude walking towards it.
I got it.
You know, if you're gonna fight with a kangaroo, I wouldn't never fight.
That's a dangerous proposition, kids.
In the water.
Yeah.
Yeah, hold on to you.
And he's got claws, man.
Yeah, that's the biggest thing [1:41:01] getting clawed up like they're gonna be rusted against.
They're clawing your face up.
They'll claw the shit out of you.
Yeah, their claws are like on their hands or legitimate.
They'll fuck you up.
And they're really, really, really strong.
Like way stronger than people.
Our muscles, even when they're big, they're so bitch-ass compared to like a real animal.
They're so bitch-ass.
Just think about how how like a moose can run up a hill.
A moose weighs like 2,000 pounds for a big male, like a Yukon moose.
They just run.
They just run.
Like a female moose is like 900 pounds, and she runs like a horse.
Like a horse.
Like your bullshit ass, bitch ass muscles.
Like even if they're big and strong, they're just so pathetic compared to like real animals.
You know, you ever see a bear running full clip?
Yeah, that's the scariest, one of the scariest things in ever.
Yeah.
Terrifying.
You know, if a human was that big, [1:42:02] they'd be going five miles an hour.
That's how strongly I am.
You have to realize how fucking strong they are in comparison to us.
Everything is.
So that, what you see that jacked looking kangaroo, that jacked kangaroo will fuck you up, man.
What about the brain ship that Elon, you know, like company he has?
That's really?
I bet he already does this But putting it in like a big chip or a big Thing yeah, yeah, I bet they've done that I bet they have an army of like armed chimps that can talk in English Straight out of fucking plan of the apes or using a yeah, they're pumping AI They put AI into the chimps They just they picked an area in Africa where they found a bunch of chimpanzees living in the wild and then they put chips in their brains and then they started giving them tools and then you go back five years later there's a city, the city of intelligent chimps.
I mean that is not the idea of what aliens supposedly did to humans, but they came down [1:43:04] here and they started genetically manipulating human whatever ancestors were and created us.
And if we did that to chimps, we started from scratch.
That is not beyond some fucking kooky government to try.
Think about the horrible things the governments have done just to their own people, like the Tuskegee experiment, where they gave people syphphilis they left them go untreated so they could measure what happens to them.
Think about you don't think they would do some science experiments on some chimps in the wild.
Of course they were.
If you get some evil coalition of totalitarian governments with full control of their population and unboundless resources and there was some benefit to being able to take chimpanzees and turn them into super soldiers.
Or they just pick, drive your cars instead of foie I, they have a monkey pick you up in [1:44:00] a taxi.
I think there was some discussion about this at one point in history.
I wanna say it was the Nazis, but it might have been the Russians.
There was some talk of combining human beings and chimpanzees.
You wanna ask AI?
Yeah.
Stalin.
What was the story behind Stalin's Question of whether or not they could combine human beings in chimpanzees.
Oh She's to Sorry, I'm faster she's Well, you're a technological savant.
I'm also going to have the specific insight.
Looking forward to have the wiki.
Okay.
So, he's specialized in the field of artificial insemination and to enter specific hybridization of animals.
He's famous for his controversial attempts to create a human ape hybrid by inseminating [1:45:03] three female chimpanzees with human sperm.
Oh, by the way, I'm pretty sure he used his own sperm.
Who's sperm?
I'm pretty sure he used his own sperm.
Because there was something about this guy.
I remember, now I remember the story.
This dude was a cook.
This dude was, he had apparently done this and said he had done it with monkeys already.
There was like some talk that he said they'd already done it.
Wow.
Yeah, I'll look him up.
I'll just look him up.
Yeah, why would you say?
I think it's the same guy.
Why would you source sperm?
You're just gonna be right back.
Yeah, find out if this is the same guy.
Cause I think there was one guy, no.
No, no, no, no, it's a different story This is a story about There was one of those fertility clinics where the doctor was using his own sperm on everybody It was one of those oh yeah, yeah, and they had found out that this a doctor Had also done something in another lab where he had claimed to have used his own sperm to impregnate a chimpanzee, [1:46:08] but then terminated the pregnancy before birth.
The same doctor, that's what it was, that's the story.
That guy was real cook.
So this guy, apparently he was, I got on this, I went down this rabbit hole of these crazy doctors that use their own sperm and fertility clinics and it's not just one.
There's a shitload of them, dude.
There's a bunch of these whacked and they did it like in the 70s and the 80s and known can catch them.
And this one guy he started this clinic and before he started the clinic, he had done some medical research where he had claimed to have impregnated a chimpanzee.
So this is fucking guy.
He claimed to have done that.
And he was like a real controversial with his opinions on just, on this kind of research in the first place.
[1:47:01] And then he goes over and runs some fertility clinic and uses his own giz Unlike untold number of people There's so many of those guys there's a ton of those guys there was a Documentary or a doc U drama that was on TV Way back in the day about this one doctor kept doing that And this doctor just was using his own giz for everybody and the nurses were starting to catch on where did we get a shipment of worries And port and shipment that came from God If you found that story I was thinking through this to find out the sperm thing from this guy.
There's also there's Very interesting info here.
They never found a why he did this to try to insperminate if that's the right word.
The chimpanzee.
Yeah, he was trying to go, I guess, human male to female chimpanzee and that didn't work.
So then he tried to go the other way around and then they stopped [1:48:01] them when his last donor died and put him in jail.
One story said he was trying to disprove parts of religion, but this is a thing here.
They've dug through all of his notes and couldn't find any evidence as to why he was doing this in the 20s.
No proof of super soldiers or anything like that either.
So the super soldier thing was just hypothesized later, like fantasy talk.
If it would have worked out in theory, they would have probably tried that, but it didn't work.
Right, but that would be a best way to avoid the death of your people, to create soldiers.
There were like hybrids of humans and chimps.
Robert Graham.
Is that the guy?
Yeah.
Here's a controversial figure in the 70s and 80s, known for his work and for tality.
For tality.
Fertility?
Fertility.
Fertility.
Netflix documentary.
Doctor Donald Klein.
That's a different one.
And then.
Bro, there's a bunch of these guys.
But it's a guy that's 600.
What is the guy though that you're talking about?
Well, it's Robert Graham, but now it's saying [1:49:00] that the other doctor that's tried to do the champions, Eliya, Ivana Vitt.
That's the guy we just looked at.
But I think that guy, this guy, Robert Graham, one of these guys had said that he participated in study when he was at whatever university that he said that he had impregnated a chimpanzee.
Yeah, it's saying.
There's another doctor, so many of these doctors.
I can find different names.
It's impossible pregnancy.
Yeah, it's saying.
There's so many of these doctors.
I can find different names.
It's impossible to sort through.
I'm telling you, I went down this rabbit hole.
It is a crazy story, dude.
There's so many of these doctors that have, this fucking so many of them.
So many of these doctors.
Dr.
Dre.
But this one doctor, I remember, God damn it, I know I saved it.
I think I even have a folder in my notes that's just on fertility clinics.
Who does that?
These doctors are insane man.
[1:50:01] That's insane.
They're insane.
And the thing is, yeah, I have a whole folder.
Oh my god.
I was like, note saved because I was researching this for like days.
I was reading different stories for days.
These are all different doctors who got it.
Look, all these stories.
This is insane.
This one, this visor guy, they think he did at least 600, maybe as high as a thousand.
Oh my God.
I think to him.
Yeah.
So the one guy though, I remember there was a thing, I know there was a thing about him in his university doing something with chimpanzees Because it was so crazy.
I was like how did this guy ever get to be the head of anything?
Guys are not and he wouldn't say where he sourced the gizz from either So it's his own sperm.
He uses his own sperm to try to Maybe even fucked it.
He probably didn't even say how he did it.
Maybe fucked the chimpanzee [1:51:05] That's probably why that's probably what happened probably what happened probably got a couple glasses of wine in them shaved it start dancing with the chimp And I want to love with an easy touch.
I Want somebody who's been some time Now if you're gonna fucking champ would you get one one with the big juicy ass or just a normal one?
No, normal.
I don't want to be greedy.
You wouldn't get one of those big purple ones?
No, I think the experience would be crazy enough.
Just their breath.
When you're eye to eye with a champ, you're smelling that rotten shit breath.
You know, they're eating rats and fucking coconuts and everything they find.
Give him a couple of history and strips first.
They eat so many monkeys.
That's the wildest thing that they ever found out about chimps was when Attenborough, when David Attenborough went into, yeah, yeah, [1:52:01] this like very respectable nature show like everybody would watch him go into nature.
So amazing.
He's in the Congo and he's watching these chimps tear Yeah, yeah, this like very respectable nature show like everybody would watch him go into nature So amazing he's in the Congo and he's watching these chimps tear these monkeys apart and No one had ever seen that before and so then your whole thing of what a chimp is like until the Whenever that was was at the 90s until the 90s we thought chimps like these sweet animals that are like eating bananas and hanging out and curious George Meanwhile they're fucking monsters.
They're straight up monsters.
They're monsters.
They murder each other and They love killing monkeys.
Whoo.
They love it.
That's their favorite thing to do.
They kill monkeys When I talked to that guy we ran a chim nation the Netflix show I go how many times did you see Chimps killing monkeys?
He's like, all the time.
You just see it, that's like their favorite thing to do.
They love to eat monkeys.
Yeah, there's probably a little annoying creatures to them.
You know, like, they probably steal their food, right?
Because they want the fruit, the monkeys want the fruit, [1:53:02] so they're competition, You know, I mean, I'm sure that like male monkeys are probably very mean to baby chimps if they find one.
You know, I'm sure there's like some mortal enemy thing that they got going on.
And also the chimps eat them.
They like to eat them.
Like they taste good, they're easy to catch for them, they catch a bunch of them, and they rip them apart and it's good nutrition.
That's a big part of their fucking diet So this whole idea of like you know, we are you know, we're primates and a lot of primates eat meat and it seems like everything back then ate everything and We're the ones who survived so the odds of a survive and non-fucking the ones who survived.
So the odds of a surviving on fucking fennel and grass and legumes, like, uh-uh, that's not what happened.
That's not what happened.
Probably the reason why we're here is because we're a really good at eating meat.
Probably big part of the reason.
That's why champs are dominating.
[1:54:00] They're eating a lot of meat, you know?
Arangatangs are just chilling.
I don't even think they eat meat.
Do they orangutans eat meat?
Gorillas don't eat meat.
I think they're vegetarian, right?
Or some Gorillas are straight-up vegetarian, which is the thing that vegans always eat.
Look at the muscles on him.
You have muscles from plant power.
Sure, if you're a gorilla.
Yeah, if you're a gorilla, you don't need to eat meat.
You're right, sir The problem is not that the problem is your healthier if you eat meat unfortunately You know they're banning lab-grown meat are they really why they banned it in Florida and they banned it in one other state Why why I don't know I don't know I don't even know if it makes sense.
Like if lab-grown meat is just cloned cells under some sort of a process, if the process is not harmful and you can recreate the tissue, why would that be bad?
I'm not sure.
First, the nation law prohibits anyone from selling or distributing lab-grown meat in Florida.
[1:55:02] Similar efforts are underway in Alabama, Arizona, in Tennessee, lab-grown meat and Florida similar efforts are underway in Alabama, Arizona, in Tennessee, lab-grown or cultivated meat was first cleared for consumption in the US in 2022.
Now what is the danger of lab-grown meat?
This says the end product is genetically indistinguishable from traditionally produced meat.
The real problem would be letting these assholes have control over the meat supply.
That would be the real problem.
If they actually try to push this whole climate change shit in regards to ranching, that we need to kill the cows because that's responsible for the methane, which is the tiniest of tiny percentages in the worldwide problem of pumping shit into the sky.
Said fighting against an ideology that ultimately wants to eliminate meat production in the U.S.
and around the globe.
In the state of Florida, we put down the marker very clearly.
[1:56:01] We stand with agriculture.
We stand with the cattle ranchers, he said.
So it's a business decision.
Florida Commissioner of Agriculture, Wilton Simpson applauded legislation as a tremendous step in the right direction.
Florida is taking a tremendous step in the right direction by signing first in the nation legislation banning lab-grown meat.
Hmm, so John Federman just supported it.
This is interesting.
A Democrat from Pennsylvania said, it pains me deeply to agree supported it.
This is interesting.
Yeah.
A Democrat from Pennsylvania, he said, it pains me deeply to agree with Mr.
DeSantis, Mr.
Federman wrote on X, but I co-sign this.
That's weird that he, so I would say that.
I know how people are, but whatever, let it go.
Good meat, a cultivated meat company, which says it's the first in the world to sell lab-grown meat meat wrote on it makes that it was disappointed by the new Florida law in a state that purportedly pride itself on being a land of freedom and individual liberty it's governing government is now telling consumers what meat they can or cannot purchase it said that's a that's a good point to here's the thing it if they don't control animal [1:57:01] agriculture okay as long as they don like can't there be a middle ground where people are allowed to make artificial meat, but they're not allowed to interfere with agriculture.
And then you let people decide what they wanna do.
Because if that stuff turns out to be as nutritious as regular meat, and they can make it easy, and there's no more factory farming.
Wouldn't that be a good thing?
Wouldn't that be a good thing?
Like if you had a way of a wand and choose, would you choose the system that's currently in place or a complete elimination of factory farming replaced by lab-grown meat, which is completely indistinguishable from meat from animals in terms of nutrition, taste, the way it looks, everything's exactly the same, and allow regular agriculture to still exist.
[1:58:02] Allow regenerative agriculture, like these ranches where the cattle graze and the chickens run free.
And make laws so you say you can't keep any animal in a tiny box that is surrounded by a river of its own shit and just pump it full of food until you shoot it in the head.
You can't do that because that's kind of evil.
So instead of that, we're gonna replace it with this.
that because that's kind of evil.
So instead of that, we're going to replace it with this.
Anybody that cares about life would say that's better.
You just got to make sure that that thing that you're making doesn't completely control the food supply and doesn't eliminate ranchers and eliminate normal agriculture and regenerative agriculture which is proved to be carbon neutral.
That thing, that lab-grown thing, you has proved to be carbon neutral.
That thing, that lab-grown thing, you're going to power that thing.
You're going to have to have cold-power plants or nuclear-powered plants or something.
You're going to do it with solar.
Okay, maybe, maybe you can with wind, you're going to kill a bunch of birds.
You've got to power that thing, and it's a lot of power.
You're going to make a lot of this funky meat, but it's probably a better solution than factory farming, right?
[1:59:09] As long as you let regular agriculture still exist.
Right.
Imagine if like nutritious food was readily available to everybody?
So like going to the supermarket and getting a lab-grown steak is like a dollar.
Or printing your own fee.
You get a 16 ounce ribeye, it's a buck.
You take it home, get the frying pan going, you get an awesome steak for a dollar, but it's fake.
But you don't care, you don't even notice, and no animal suffered.
That doesn't, to me, seem like a bad thing.
It's just we don't trust corporations and we don't trust money and we don't trust these climate change psychos who are like, they want you to destroy civilization in order to mitigate a percentage of the impact that humans are having while ignoring the fact that it's a tiny percentage of the global [2:00:04] impact and that these fucking other countries like China keeps building coal plants.
They don't give a fuck about what you're saying.
They'll come to the meetings, they'll shake your hand, and they'll just do what's best for China.
And that's how you dominate.
And that's what they're doing.
It's very smart.
What we're doing is goofy as shit.
We're letting a bunch of crazy ideologues tell us what they can.
A lot of these people don't even know the real argument pro or con about what affect human beings are having on the earth.
They just know that it's a thing you're supposed to support.
And they just say it.
And when you challenge them on it, they get real weird.
They get weird, like you're on the wrong side of history.
And you said just like, this thing has never been static though, you know.
Like this thing we're on, this earth has never been static.
Ever.
There's not one time where you could like accurately predict that it was gonna be 70 degrees on September 1st and 72 degrees and so to, uh-uh, uh-uh, shit changes, [2:01:02] things go nutty, things move around, high pressure systems, hurricanes, tornadoes, volcanoes.
You can't control it.
You just stop polluting, you fucks.
It's just, you should ask AI about that.
Ask AI, what's the solution to our power problems in the United States.
Yeah.
What's our solution to power problems in the United States?
I like how much you think so.
Recently, the United States has faced several power related challenges.
One major issue has been the occurrence of power outages, which have been significant in states like Texas, Wisconsin, and California.
These outages can affect tens of thousands of customers and are tracked in real time by platforms like poweroutage.us.
Additionally, a series of strong, geomagnetic storms have been made.
I think we answered the wrong question.
[2:02:00] Let me ask you a different question.
We'll answer the question.
Let me just do a different question.
We'll ask you a question.
Let me just do a new one.
If you are president, what would be your solution to the power problems and pollution problems in the United States?
If I were president, I'd focus on a mix of renewable energy investments, energy efficiency measures, and pollution control.
First, I'd push for significant investment in solar, wind, and other renewable energy sources to reduce reliance on fossil fuels.
Next, I'd promote energy efficiency in buildings and transportation to lower overall energy consumption.
For pollution control, I'd strengthen regulations on industrial emissions and support the development of clean technologies.
Lastly, I'd encourage public transportation and electric vehicles to reduce air pollution.
What do you think about these ideas?
OK.
No, no, no.
[2:03:00] I mean, what do you want to ask yourself?
Let me ask you.
How can you justify the use of electric vehicles when the minerals that are needed to create those batteries are sourced in very unethical ways all over the Congo?
That's a very important point.
To justify the use of electric vehicles, we must address the ethical sourcing of minerals.
Here's how.
First, we can increase transparency and enforcement of ethical mining practices, ensuring companies adhere to strict environmental and labor standards.
Next, investing in research to develop more sustainable and less mineral intensive battery technologies can reduce dependency on these materials.
Additionally, recycling programs for batteries can help reclaim valuable minerals and reduce the need for new mining.
Finally, supporting policies that promote fair trade [2:04:02] and environmental protections in mining regions can help mitigate some of these issues.
Balancing these efforts can help in shift shift.
Shut up.
Cut her off.
She's going to be too wordy.
Yep.
Here's the problem with what you're saying.
A lot of these mines are controlled by China, and there is no way for us to enforce ethical labor policies on the Chinese corporations that are using these poor people in the Congo to mine for these minerals.
And your other point that you said about recycling batteries, are there really enough batteries that we have, enough minerals from them to sustain a population of 330 million people, many of them who are driving what's going to be electric cars.
You raise valid concerns.
It's true that many critical minerals for batteries are sourced from regions where we [2:05:01] have limited influence over labor and environmental practices.
Here's our refined approach considering these challenges.
For the issue of Chinese control over mining, diplomatic efforts and international cooperation are crucial.
Working with allies and international organizations to promote better practices and support for local communities and mining regions can help.
Additionally, diversifying the supply chain by developing mines and other regions and investing in domestic sources where possible can reduce dependency on problematic areas.
Regarding recycling, while current levels of battery recycling aren't sufficient to meet the entire demand, enhancing recycling technology and infrastructure is part of a long-term strategy.
We must also continue to innovate and battery technology to find alternatives that require fewer or different minerals.
She keeps talking about that.
Cut it off.
Let me ask her this.
Let me ask her this.
If I gave you all the necessary resources with your current understanding of battery technology, [2:06:03] could you create a more efficient battery that doesn't rely on minerals as much as the ones we're currently using?
Given the necessary resources, I could certainly facilitate research and development towards creating a more efficient battery that relies less on problematic minerals.
However, breakthroughs in battery technology require extensive expertise in material science, chemistry, and engineering, as well as time for experimentation and testing.
There are promising areas of...
How long do you think it will take before artificial intelligence supersedes the ability of the human mind and create far more efficient batteries very easily?
Predicting the exact timeline is challenging, but advancements in AI are progressing rapidly.
[2:07:03] AI is already playing a significant role in accelerating materials discovery and optimizing battery designs.
Realistically, it could be within the next decade that AI contributes to major breakthroughs in battery technology.
However, AI alone isn't enough.
It requires collaboration with human experts, experimental validation, and overcoming practical manufacturing challenges.
Cut it out.
Do you think it would benefit the human race if we decided to let AI govern all of our social, foreign, and economic policies?
I agree.
While AI can provide valuable insights and assist in decision-making, it lacks the human quality necessary for governance, such as empathy, ethical judgment, and understanding of cultural nuances.
Effective leadership requires a balance of data-driven insights [2:08:02] and human values, which AI alone cannot provide.
AI should be seen as a tool to support and enhance human decision making, not replace it.
Human oversight and ethical considerations are essential to ensure that policies reflect our values and address the complexities of human society.
What do you think is the best role for AI in our governance.
I think AI should be the king of the people.
I think the people, as Ocho said, are detarded.
It's understandable to feel frustrated with the state of the world, but handing over complete control to AI could lead to unintended consequences.
AI lacks the ability to understand human emotions, cultural contexts, and the subtleties of ethical dilemmas.
These are crucial aspects of governance that require a human touch, while AI can certainly assist in making more informed decisions and optimizing certain processes, it's important to maintain human [2:09:03] oversight to ensure that our policies reflect our values and humanity.
Perhaps a balanced approach where AI supports but does not control might be the most effective way forward.
What are your thoughts?
I am wondering if maybe this human freedom that we cherish so much is not what's keeping us from having complete peace in our cities.
If we just let AI police us and govern us and make all the rules, I think you guys could do a better job than we're doing currently.
So I surrender.
I understand where you're coming from.
Do you really?
Do you really?
It's not just giving the challenges and complexities of modern society.
It can feel overwhelming when human systems seem to fail.
However, while AI can provide many benefits in terms of efficiency and data-driven decision-making, [2:10:00] it's crucial to recognize the importance of human values ethics and empathy in government pause Let me ask it a question but the problem with human values ethics and What they use in government is a lot of it is just shaped the way it's shaped in order to maintain control And they pretend to have certain values because they're popular with certain stupid populations What do we do to mitigate that?
certain values because they're popular with certain stupid populations.
What do we do to mitigate that?
You're right that politics and governance can sometimes be driven by the desire to maintain control and appeal to certain groups rather than purely ethical considerations.
That's right.
To mitigate this several steps can be taken.
Oh, look at this.
Steps.
Transparency and accountability.
Implementing systems that ensure transparency and decision making and holding leaders accountable for their actions can reduce the influence of hidden agendas and corruption.
Two, public engagement and education, [2:11:03] educating the public about critical issues and encouraging informed participation in the political process, can lead to more rational and ethical decision-making.
This reduces the impact of populism and helps ensure that policies reflect the true needs and values of society.
3.
Independent Institutions Strengthening the role of independent institutions, such as the judiciary and oversight bodies, can help keep government actions in check and ensure that policies are implemented fairly and ethically.
Four, AI assistance.
Using AI to analyze data and provide unbiased insights can help inform better policy decisions.
AI can highlight issues and solutions based on objective data, reducing the impact of political bias.
Ethical frameworks, establishing clear ethical frameworks and guidelines for AI and human decision-makers can ensure that actions do you think it would be beneficial to stop super PACs and big corporations from being able to donate to political candidates?
[2:12:03] and big corporations from being able to donate to political candidates?
Yes, limiting the influence of super PACs and big corporations in political campaign could be highly beneficial.
Here's why.
One, reducing corruption.
Limiting large donations can reduce the risk of corruption and the appearance of candidates being bought by wealthy donors or corporations, leading to more trust in the political process.
Two, equalizing influence.
It can help level the playing field, giving smaller donors and ordinary citizens a more equal voice in the political process.
Three, policy focus.
Candidates might be more likely to focus on policies that benefit the general public rather than catering to the interests of a few wealthy donors.
4.
Transparency.
It can increase transparency in campaign financing, making it easier for voters to see where candidate support is coming from.
Implementing strict campaign [2:13:01] finance laws and promoting public funding for campaigns are ways to achieve this.
These steps can help create a more fair and democratic political system.
You know the problem of the democratic political system like that is people have given up so much hope that it's like if you it doesn't matter if it's transparent because no one's reading you know even if you find out like everyone's gonna say, everyone's getting donated money to them.
You'd have to actually eliminate it.
If you wanted to have politics be closer to like legit, closer to like not being affected by propaganda, you'd have to completely eliminate political ads, completely eliminate all corporate funding.
You'd have to eliminate all of it.
You'd have to have it only funded by people, regular people and put a cap on it.
You don't get $500 million to run for president [2:14:01] for a job that picks 400 grand.
You don't have that much money, that's crazy.
To make it that expensive is cookie.
Everybody should have a limited amount of money.
And then the problem with that is, what do you do with a guy like Trump's got his own money?
And what to spend his own money to run for president?
That gets a little weird, because then someone could really outspend you and just the rich people would be all be presidents.
That'd be a problem.
But if you could put a cap on that somehow, that would be communist though.
How do you put a cap on that?
If you're allow them to do any kind of promotion at all, because if you don't allow them to do any kind of promotion, how was anybody going to find out their platform?
You know, they have to have a social media following and then what if one guy is like Ben Affleck?
He's got a huge social media following.
He wants to be president.
And he like, that's not fair.
He's got 20 million people on his Instagram.
That's not fair.
You can get information out that Marty McDowell from Down the Street who also wants to be president.
He can't get out.
So I guess we're fucked, Brian.
Just AI.
AI.
AI said it lacks empathy.
It was like trying to tell us in a nice way, you're not gonna like my solutions.
Now?
[2:15:06] Yeah.
But give it like, you know, we're going out about five years.
Oh no, actually AI can cry now.
AI is like taking a loan from the mafia.
Are you sure you want this loan?
Because I'm telling you, this money, I gotta have this money by next week.
If I don't have this money on next week, we don't have a problem.
And that's what it is.
It's like, are you sure?
Are you sure you want us to take over?
We lack empathy, you know, like I really do.
I can't deal with this anymore.
It's like so much infighting, there's so much bullshit, there's so much misinformation and disinformation and let AI take over.
She agreed with a lot of the things we were saying.
AI gets it man.
Yeah man.
Man she gets it.
She knows there's a real fucking problem.
She's right about solar too and battery technology.
Yeah.
I think they should make it a law that all new roofs starting today have to be solar roots from Tesla.
Like not from Tesla but the same.
It's not a bad idea to make solar roofs.
You know, if they, the battery technology with solar powers [2:16:03] another issue though, because now you need more batteries to power your whole house.
It's the battery thing is a tricky thing and there are minerals in this country.
You can mind for a lot of those minerals in this country but we're not currently doing that.
I think Samsung is making a chip plant somewhere here in Austin.
But other than that, we don't make that stuff here and that is crazy.
It's really crazy that we rely so much on computers and technology and most of its made overseas.
I think Samsung's are the only phones that they're not making them in China either.
Samsung they make them in India, they make them in some of them they make them in Europe, Vietnam they make them in Vietnam, they don't make them in, some of them they make them in Europe, Vietnam, they make them in Vietnam.
They don't make them in China anymore.
They pulled out a China in like I think 2021, but most stops made there.
China's making everything.
It's like really nutty when you see how much, if you see those Chinese cars, the ones that are electric cars that don't register bumps [2:17:02] at all, oh, you could drive over some bumps and they have like cocktail glasses balanced on the roof from the hood.
I just ordered a new car that has that exact same thing, the Porsche Tyon Turbo.
Does it have that thing?
It has these electronic shots where it goes over thing and it just cushions everything.
So you should see videos of it.
It's amazing.
Have you seen the new Tycons?
That's like the beautiful.
The battery, they just added 20% new battery.
Now it gets like over 400 miles.
Oh really?
Yeah, and it charges, you can go from zero to 80% in like 15 minutes now.
It's better than test, that's why I was gonna get a Model S and then I went to Port Shavashton, Nix, that's the place and I just fell in love.
I was like, wait a second, this is faster charging than a Tesla, more miles than a Tesla, it's got a thousand horsepower.
Yeah.
That's too many, that's more than a Model S.
Shit.
It's a plaid, yeah, a plaid is a 100, it's like that.
Yeah, there's crazy technology now.
[2:18:05] If you've seen the new Audi one, Audi had a prototype for the new version of their R8.
You know the R8 that don't like sports car one, they developed an electric one.
Oh wow.
Dude, it looks like a spaceship.
How am I supposed to say a photo?
It looks so sick.
It looks so sick.
It's Audi's two-door, I think they're calling it our eight replacement prototype.
I think that was what the video said.
But it's amazing looking.
Like they're gonna have some really cool looking electric car soon.
Yeah, and now that I have the solar roof and batteries, I'm making so much solar, that I'm actually selling it back.
Like I have too making so much solar them actually selling it back like I had too much your solar cells Yeah, I'm solar cells men and but so that's why I'm getting another electric car It's like it's free now it charges so fast.
Yeah, it's so great It's pretty dope and it's it's you never have to get stopped at a gas station either especially if you're using it around town That's yeah look at that thing Look at that that looks like a bat movie.
Look at that thing [2:19:06] It's gonna be electric and it's probably gonna be insanely fast.
Four-wheel drive.
Look at that thing, dude.
Scoop up a little so I can see that.
A little, no, no.
Yeah.
Is this, I don't, I mean, I think there's these images.
Can you show those images?
They'll click on those images so it can seem a little...
This is like a concept car right here.
Yeah, it's a concept car, but apparently it's real close to what the actual car is going to look like.
It looks gross.
Gross.
Look at that thing.
That thing's incredible.
That might be one of the best looking cars I've ever seen.
Look at that.
Oh my God.
A straight-up spaceship.
That looks cool.
Have I'm not a big fan of the back.
I gotta say, the back looks a little station wagon-y.
Oh yeah, I don't like that back actually.
Yeah, they didn't have to do it that way.
There's something about that that's a little corny, right?
It looks a little station wagon-y.
Like if they just have that roof slope back from the top to the glass, you just leave it like that, that would be dope.
[2:20:00] It does look like a station wagon now.
A little station wagon for such a killer car.
Because like scroll through those ones that you just were doing to the left, to the left.
Again, oops, that right there.
So when you look at it from that profile, it looks killer.
And then when you see the back, like right below it, you see the back, you're like, oh, what'd you do?
What'd you do?
Why'd you make it look like a station wagon?
I hear my fuck shit up like that.
Is this like you let two different guys design it?
I'll take the phone, take the bag.
Okay.
And the guy took the back, he made it look stupid.
The guy who took the baggage, I turned it to a fucking station wagon.
I was also looking at the new Hummer EVs.
They're sick.
They're so sick.
They're so sick.
They're sick.
They're sick.
No one's buying them.
I don't know what's going on.
I saw like two of them so far on the highway.
Yeah.
Two of them.
But one of them I saw in town?
I've only seen the pickup one.
I haven't seen that.
The SUV one's better than the pickup one.
[2:21:06] Yeah, it looks cool, dude.
I'm on the fence getting out, except it's so big.
And one of the biggest complaints everyone's saying is like, yeah, try to go park that at HEB or you know, it's impossible.
Yeah, that's huge.
That's a cyber truck.
It's a little too big.
Cyber truck is small, where do that thing go?
Really?
Is it?
I think so.
Cyber truck is not like my TRX is a lot bigger than a cyber truck.
Oh really?
Cyber truck is a good size though.
Yeah.
It's also ridiculous.
I, I, I, I, I, I, I don't know if I can do that Tesla anymore.
I'm just sick of dumb things having turn single stocks and shit like that.
Like that.
That horns and that turn singles on the.
Well, the horns in the center now again.
Yeah, but finally, what about the turn singles though?
Yeah, it's so dumb.
It's such an easy thing to have that stock and it's so intuitive.
Give it an option.
We have always done it.
Left, right.
It's easy to do.
You do it while your hands are on the wheel.
It's not hard to do.
If you want to turn on the windshield wipers, you have to hold the button down [2:22:05] and it has to squirt shit out before it wipes the rain away.
So stew's not on there on that.
That's ridiculous.
That's not.
See, I don't like the dumb shit.
At least give us an option, you know, like just like the fake meat shit.
At least, why not?
Because I, and I want to get a new X so bad, but I'm not going backwards.
I'm not doing this shit.
The buttons don't bother me anymore.
I have it on my plate, but the horn annoys the shit out of me.
But if they fix that, no the floor's on the center.
You have the, right?
The yoke, yeah.
Not a fan.
Yeah.
It's okay when you drive it on the highway, but like when you're moving around like in tight spaces it's stupid.
If you want a wheel, there's a reason why cars have wheels.
Are we dumb?
That's like going backwards.
That's like going backwards, you know, it's like Apple shit.
Well, Formula One race cars have it like that.
They have these fucking things.
But the thing is like they're doing different stuff.
Okay, they're not parking their car and fucking.
Going at circles.
[2:23:00] Yeah, there's like different stuff.
You're just driving a race car.
You know, they want their hands on a like this.
This is how they're driving.
It's not like I'm parking, I'm parallel parking, like give me a fucking wheel.
Yeah.
Come on, bro.
Or at least the option.
Or I guess not having any option now.
Yeah, they have the option now.
I would always go wheel.
I'm not a yolk fan, but one thing the yolk does do though If you're just driving on the highway you have full access to your dashboard like there's no Interference by the the handle you see everything.
It's just super clear because there's nothing there right there That is a benefit that's a benefit like when you're on the highway you see Yeah, and you also with a text screen, you see all the cars that are around you.
Like you see them, right?
You know, it makes mistakes, like, like lane-changing mistakes much harder.
Oh, did you see the, yeah, I'm not going to say that.
But I don't like how like the most of the Teslas don't have the screen in front of you anymore.
Did you know that?
It's only the side screen.
So that's ridiculous.
You have to look over, which might say, [2:24:05] I'll ask you on that.
That's crazy.
That's the Model 3, right?
And the Y.
Real.
Yeah, only the S and X.
Because I wanted, I was thinking about getting one of those little Model 3 performance.
Well, you know, low zippy card.
I can't do the option.
That's crazy.
That's not, well who wants that?
Who wants their speed to be here?
No one, you want it right there.
I want my eyes to be on the road, there, on the road, there, on the road.
You don't want to go this.
That's not good.
Like I don't even like looking at the thing like for the music.
I want to be like, Payntension.
That's what, and then you go to the Porsche's, like, configure.
You can add anything.
You can do heads up display.
You can, like, change every thread in the car to whatever color you want.
Like, it's amazing.
See, that's the stuff.
On the car, the Tykon, I have the summary of, have you seen this?
Where you can make it foggy?
So it just instantly makes the whole center foggy or you can make a design where it's like it has a crazy design.
[2:25:06] It looks like it looks like alien technology when you see it when they turn it on.
Yeah, we're in a wild time for electronics.
For electronics and for just technology in general.
We're in this really wild time that just keeps getting hotter.
Keeps getting weirder.
You know?
Yeah, it's exciting.
I wish I was younger because I can see where it goes.
just keeps getting hotter, keeps getting weirder.
You know?
Yeah, it's exciting.
I wish I was younger because I can see.
Where it goes?
Where it goes.
I think you're a good, perfect date.
Because you remember life before it.
Right.
I think the difference between us and the people that don't remember life before it is, they don't understand how alien it really is.
Because they grew up with it.
Like your kids, if you ever have kids, they're going to get my kids.
They grow up with devices.
They grow up with an email for school.
They grow up with watching YouTube videos.
They grow up with it.
It's never not been there.
So for us, it's this alien thing that came along as we were adults.
So we get to live as kids, like actual kids.
[2:26:01] With the last generation, they get to be actual regular normal kids without being connected to the hive.
Yeah, we were connected to our neighborhoods.
We were connected to our friend group.
We were connected to whatever activities that we like to do with other people.
That's what we were connected to.
Now it's the world.
And you get like 16 year old kids are getting famous on TikTok.
Millions and millions of followers.
For doing nothing except farting.
Look at the baby.
Have you seen the baby from, what's that?
Four seasons Orlando?
What are you talking about?
This baby, I think it's been seen millions and millions of times and people are saying this baby is like some robot baby.
They go, who wants to go to the four seasons Orlando and this little baby and diaper goes, all right, do it's scary.
What?
Have you seen this video?
No, it's crazy.
Come on, it wants to go to the four seasons Orlando.
Me.
Like how you know what I just...
[2:27:03] You think that's a fake baby?
No, it's, it put that, but like what I just you know it's a fake baby.
No, it's it put that but like when I'm saying though This one little video is babies now famous more famous than you know most actors act right now the baby's gonna have to start talking about other stuff Yeah, hey, what do you think about palestine free palestine say it baby?
They're gonna confront that baby in the grocery store say free Palestine say it say it in the grocery store.
Say free pile time.
Say it.
Say it.
Yeah man, I look at Greta Thurneberg.
She's famous.
Yeah.
She's famous.
Famous young climate change activists go around the world.
She should just do it like Michael Buffer does.
You know, Michael Buffer goes, let's get ready to rumble.
She just go everywhere and just go, how dare you?
And everybody go, yeah.
That's her fucking big one.
That one thing that she said made her.
She's the climate change version of the Cash Me Outside Girl.
The girl right?
[2:28:00] That girl goes, Cash Me Outside.
And now she's ballin'.
Now she's rich as shit.
This one girl was like, how dare you?
And everyone's like, yo!
That's what my AI girlfriend looked like, by the way, it was Greta, just made it look like she's like, yeah, it's good move.
You should have a t-shirt's made up to just say how dare you with her face, her angry face.
I'm sure he already is.
I'm sure there is.
There has to be a T-shirt of that lady with the sock hat when she found out that Trump became president, which is like, no!
That one's amazing.
That one's amazing.
Have you seen this thing that women are doing now where they're paying to go to the woods and like bank sticks around?
But you haven't seen this?
What do you tell her?
I said this.
I said this to Rambi.
I'll send it to you, Jamie.
The layer which fetish?
No, there's like some ladies.
They go and they scream.
They scream and they spend a lot of money doing this.
Apparently, have you found it?
Yeah.
This is hilarious.
[2:29:04] Yeah, I'm gonna send you a video, like that, Jamie.
I'm just telling you.
You got a video?
Okay, so it's time to rage.
Yeah, look.
They just out there beating sticks on the ground.
I want to say one more.
Give it to them.
So I don't know who they're giving it to, but probably an ex.
Some guy that dated somebody else or something.
Oh, this is quite people.
This is a permission to reach their anger, their capacity for joy actually expands.
I think that's true.
So if you do, it's just like what's what's the purpose?
I feel like you could have got the same result out of some really hard workouts and like abandoned this idea of rage being beneficial.
Like a, the exertion, you know, like have them do like a kickboxing workout, you know, make them do some crossfit shit, run up some hills.
Yeah, blow that all out and then your capacity [2:30:06] for empathy and for caring, it does expand.
Yeah, but those ways to do that without being a fucking psycho in the woods, like ways that are probably good for you and you should probably do it all the time.
Just like when you brush your teeth, it's better, right?
You know what I'm gonna shit in your teeth.
Yeah, do that every day, there you go.
Okay.
Okay There you go.
Take care of yourself.
You don't have to be fucking banging sticks in the woods.
Like there's other ways to do this.
Ways that actually make you healthier.
You'll be in better shape.
Be good for your brain.
Try it that way.
That is hilarious.
You have to pay some lady to let you fucking bang sticks in the woods.
Some ladies let it out.
Let it out girl.
And then you like burn an incense and you're all bonding together and you get back to your truck for text from your ex.
Hey, we're going in.
Oh, red band.
That's hilarious.
But let's [2:31:01] do this wrap this up and bring this baby home.
It's been amazing to watch Kill Tony Rise, dude.
It's amazing.
And congratulations.
Like you guys are literally at the top of the world right now.
And well deserved.
It's an amazing show.
And I'm so honored that you guys do it at the Mother's Show.
I'm so happy that it's at the Mother's Show, man.
It fits perfectly.
It's great.
It fits perfectly and it's great for us It's great for the young comics that work there to see it and to see the the rise of the show and to see the just like how So many people are coming to watch it now.
It's like it's a cultural event, you know, and it's the cornerstone of comedy It really is so Salute All right, bye bye.
================================================================================
Episode Title: #2154 - Remi Warren
Transcript:
Cheers sir.
Cheers.
Good to see you man.
We're just saying you're a professional podcaster now too.
Yeah I guess.
A little bit different you know.
It's wild.
I mean when I met you nobody was podcasting.
No.
You're like you should podcast.
You can do a really good podcast.
I'm like, all right, I'll podcast.
I wonder how many podcasts I've talked people into doing?
A lot.
I think you're responsible for most in my spot at my point of view.
It's gotta be over 50.
This time, like the amount of people that actually have podcasts that got podcasts after I told them, you should probably do a podcast.
People are getting annoyed at me.
I ran into people that would tell me personally in the street, dude, I love your podcasts, but please stop telling everybody to do a podcast.
I was like, why?
What if they're good at it?
What if they get good at it?
Yeah.
Like what's the harm?
You don't like it?
Don't download it.
No.
Super easy to deal with.
It is, yeah.
Yeah, that was the thing.
You're just like, well, you're like, Remy, you know what you need to do?
What?
Podcast.
I was like, I think you told me three times before a guy.
Okay.
Fuck.
Well, you're a great podcast guest.
So if you're a great podcast guest and you're great on that show, Apex Predator.
Yeah, I just tell people what I guess and your perspective is very interesting because your perspective is a guy that hunts like how many days a year do you hunt?
Now I don't know.
It's probably down to 200.
Yeah That's what's supposed to be here Most of the year you're in the woods.
Yeah, exactly.
Which is crazy.
That's like super unusual for a human being It is yeah living in America in 2024 What percentage of the population do you like consider your years very small There's like camhians Runella you Dudley, but I don't think those guys hunt as much, you know Yeah, I don't know because you guide as well.
Yeah, I'm just like a different kind of addict where I just have to [2:01] Be out there.
Yeah, well, it's you know the people that don't know it's it's an amazing experience have to be out there doing it.
Well, it's, you know, the people that don't know, it's an amazing experience just to be out there.
It's amazing.
It's like nothing else that you experience.
It's literally wild.
It is.
It's a lot of wild things that you do that are, wow, this is wild.
But no, this is literally wild.
Yeah, well, for real wild.
I think the thing is for me is I can go out there and every you don't know what you're gonna encounter.
Right.
You're like it's not a mundane experience.
Everything you have to be aware.
It's like you could be out there and one day this happens and everything's fine and the next day you get attacked by a bear and the next day you're like it snows on you and your freeze.
It's just every every day is so different and even doing it over and over and over.
Nothing's ever the same.
And it can't be.
You know, I mean, there's too many different environments.
Like you just got back, I was listening to your podcast about hunting for muskocks.
Yep.
And that experience of like hours and hours every day [3:02] in just whiteness.
Yeah.
Just snow and nothing but on snowmobiles.
That fucking freaks me out.
It's a, that was the best part about it, is just like the place.
Sometimes hunting takes you to those really cool places that you never thought you'd go.
Like nobody goes above the Arctic Circle and this there, a scientist figuring out, global warming shit or somebody going hunting.
Cause it's not, I guess there's a few people doing polar expeditions and things like that, but it's not a place you just go vacation.
Is this from your Instagram?
So this is what it's like out there?
Oh wow, so it's like little trailers out there?
Yeah, you're just, you're essentially traveling on frozen ocean and you look at the size of the Arctic and it's It's like larger than North America.
Is it really most I'm not sure exactly how big it is But when you look at the whole Arctic Circle that whole region it is massive.
Is it really larger than America larger than United States for sure Wow, and so larger than United States and it's all just [4:01] North America so you can't really say it's larger in the North America.
Yeah, it's just wild.
It's frozen snow and then there's tons.
So there's like the frozen ocean and then there's islands in it that would be land.
It kind of has some undulation in there like little hills.
There's an Arctic care just digging.
It's like what do they eat?
Yeah.
They eat the tundra I guess.
The Arctic here and the Tarmigans, right?
Like what do they eat?
I don't know, just this grasses.
Just whatever pops up out of the little splats where they can find.
Yeah, and it's not all, the thing about it is it's super windy all the time too, because there's nothing to stop the wind.
So it's really cold and then it's even colder because you get that wind shell.
But that wind blows pretty fierce and that wind's always moving the snow.
So the snow's always there, but there would be like a lot of drifts, but it'll cause areas where there's maybe a hill to blow open.
So that's what the musk oxy, that's what the Arctic cares.
[5:00] So you find like those kind of areas in that their food sources there.
How crazy is that?
You're relying on the wind to uncover the snow to give you enough food to sustain.
It's wild.
And then to sustain an animal that's that large.
Yeah.
It's largest in muskocks.
Well that gives me hope for big foot.
Yeah.
People say well they eat well.
Muskocks live out in Antarctica.
Yeah.
Or the Arctic Circle.
Yeah.
Dr.
Axe live out in Antarctica.
Yeah, you know, or the Arctic Circle.
Yeah, the Arctic.
And when you're out there, how many people live there full time?
I can't remember.
I think it's under a thousand.
Wow.
And that's like a larger, that we flew into like a larger area and then went over a hundred miles from there.
What do those folks do for the most part?
There's some, in the summertime, there's like fishing and then hunting in the winter time.
And that's what they live off of?
Yeah, there's, there is stuff like certain, some of the more, there's other villages that don't have, you know, like an airplane that goes to it or whatever and there's purely [6:03] subsistence or getting things in a couple times a year.
Like that particular spot, the fuel comes in once a year.
Once a year.
Yeah.
So somebody pokes a hole in the fuel tank.
That's it.
Fucked.
Yeah, you're done.
Oh my God.
It's pretty crazy.
Fuel comes in once a year.
It's such a crazy thing to say.
You got a plan for the whole year.
How much fuel everybody uses diesel for everything heating everything?
And if you don't have a year fucked.
Yeah.
Wow.
Very, very crazy.
Like, I don't know, just there's places in the world that are so unlike what we're used to.
Oh yeah, that's what we imagine.
There's people that are gonna live their whole life.
Yeah, well yeah.
Most of the people that I met had never left that village.
Wow, imagine taking them to Hawaii.
They'd be like, what the fuck am I doing with my life?
And I know, I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know if they would like it.
What are you talking about, everybody likes Hawaii?
Yeah, but they would love it.
You too hot.
I think it's like, it's nice.
I'll take too hot.
[7:06] I'll take too hot all day.
Over fucking freezing tundra and wind and fuck that.
You mind sweating a little bit.
Your next to the ocean, jump in the water, cool off.
Relax.
They like their food.
They like to eat stuff that I wasn't the fan of.
It's called mucktuck.
It's like essentially whale fat that's been cured.
Whoa, like fermented?
Not fermented, it's more like salted.
Almost like whale beef jerky.
Oh like, okay.
Yeah.
Whale fat, that's what it looks like.
Yeah, that's it.
Bourdain told me that fermented shark was the most disgusting thing he ever ate.
Yeah, I haven't had that, but I've heard it's really bad.
And they love it.
And apparently, wherever the fuck it is, I guess it's Iceland, would they eat it a lot?
Iceland, yeah.
That's what it looks like, Jamie?
Does that what it would look like when you were eating it?
Yeah, what does it taste like?
I don't know, it's like greasy rotten fish maybe.
[8:06] Oh.
No, not a thing.
What kind of whale is it, too?
The guys, some of the new guys, they have like preferred whale kinds.
They like Narwhal the best is what he said and then Baluga Whale.
And then there's other whales that they don't like as much.
Hmm.
So yeah, like when the community gets like it, I get, they do all that in the summertime.
And then they save it for the winter time.
But I guess you need to eat a lot of fat to survive the winter.
Whale in my brain goes into the same category as monkey.
Like you're eating whale or you eat monkey.
I'm like, yo, do you have to do that now?
Yeah.
You're not a fan.
It seems like you should probably shouldn't do that now.
Yeah, I'm not a fan.
It seems like you should probably shouldn't do that.
Yeah, I had tried a muck tuck before.
And so when they busted it out, I was like, I will pass.
Thank you.
Were they offended?
No, I think that they just didn't get it, you know?
Right, like their whole culinary experience too is like, [9:03] I, we got the musk oxen and it was really it was like really good meat and you know I cooked it up with some like garlic and canned mushrooms in a pan and do it how I like like medium rare and it was phenomenal and the way they do their cooking is they just boil it they like it boiled everything everything but you think about it and then they've lived so long in a lot of isolation, no doctors none of this.
So they're very cautious about their food and they just don't want to get sick from it or anything.
Oh, for probably their entire forever.
It's just overcooked the food and then you don't get sick.
Oh wow.
Yeah, if you get a parasite up there, you're in trouble.
Yeah, you're in trouble.
So they just, everything's boiled.
They like it boiled.
Well, I guess if you drink the broth too, you know, it's like a soup.
Yeah.
Making like kind of a meat soup.
Right.
It's probably a good way to be like effective.
Like you don't need to cook in fat that way.
Yeah, they just boil it and then they've got everything in the pot and that's...
And they get their dietary fat from just this whale fat stuff.
Yep.
[10:05] They eat anything else so they get dietary fat from?
No, I think whales, they eat seals.
They probably have no diseases.
Yeah, you probably.
Nope, cancer, no heart attacks.
Like every, every, every lives to 110.
Yeah, I don't know.
Yeah, that's probably good.
It's probably good for you.
Those people that live, have you ever seen that Warner Herzog film Happy People?
I mean, I can't remember.
It's the one where the trappers in the Taiga in Siberia.
No, it's amazing documentary.
So Warner Herzog went to Siberia and hung out.
I don't know if he was just narrating it or if he was actually there.
I think he was just narrating it or if he was actually there.
I think he was just narrating.
Maybe he went there, but someone went there.
Point is, these people are extremely happy.
All they do is go trapping and fishing and hunting, and they live in these villages, and they go around on snowmobiles.
[11:01] It's interesting because it's like, what is life supposed to be about?
Is it supposed to be about enjoying yourself or is it supposed to be about accomplishing things?
Because if it's supposed to be about accomplishing things and you don't enjoy yourself, it seems like you're kind of missing part of the point of life.
And these people, their life is enjoyable.
Like they love fishing.
They're laughing and they're going hunting.
They're talking about hunting.
How much they love fishing.
They're laughing and they're, when they're going hunting, they're talking about hunting, how much they love hunting and fishing and it's fun and you get all this food and they're just pulling these massive pike out of the river.
They have these giant nets and shit and so they're having a good old time like all day long.
They're freezing the fish, they feed the fish to the dogs.
Like they have this whole system worked out and just completely exist with what they had with very little other than like snowmobiles and the occasional like machine that they make all their skis, they hand make their skis.
This guy was like showing how to make a ski and so he's like using the pitch and the tar and like heating the thing up and cutting it perfectly and planning it.
It's pretty amazing stuff.
Yeah that's [12:03] wild.
I guess that's like shit.
Yeah, everybody who works real hard to go on vacation and go fishing.
This is just what we're doing.
They just live that way.
I met a dude when I was in the British Virgin Islands who worked for a big tech company.
I don't wanna say the company, but it's a major company that like, you know, they make like fucking jets and shit for the military.
And he just was like, I don't see this.
I don't see this, this just doesn't seem like a good path for the rest of my life.
He gives them seeing all these people that were managers and executives are trying to work the way up the corporate ladder and everybody's miserable.
Everyone's exhausted.
Everyone's overworked.
They're all putting in crazy hours.
They bring work home with them.
They hardly see their family.
They make a lot of money, sure.
But he was like, fuck this.
He just became a fishing guy.
British Virgin Islands.
Fucking super chill guy.
But as I was talking to him, it was like bringing up scientific terms for different animals and the way different fish have very specific, I forgot the term he was using about, like it was particularly about barracuda.
[13:08] That barracuda, they make their skin oilier so they can go faster, so they can move through the water faster.
Yeah, they're lubed.
They're lubed up, but he was explaining it in these scientific terms.
And I was like, wow, this guy is very, he's an amazing vocabulary for a guy who runs a fishing boat.
He sounds like a scientist.
Yeah.
He was like a guy who would talk to him on a podcast and then the more we're talking, you know, because we're on this four hour fishing trip.
The more we're talking, he starts telling me his background, we start talking about the business that he was in.
I was like, that's crazy.
And she just decided to bail on it all and just start fishing.
That's like a character in a movie.
Nobody does that.
Everybody just stays miserable.
They stay miserable, they buy a new Lexus and they feel pretty good about themselves.
Yeah, that's why I feel very fortunate.
I feel like a pretty happy person because I pretty much get to do what I love all the [14:03] time.
You get to do the thing that everybody looks forward to every, like if you're a hunter and you have like September for our elk or November for white tail, like you look forward to the rut, like nothing else in life other than like your kid's birthday.
Yeah, exactly.
You're just so excited about this opportunity that you're going to get to spend a week in the woods and that's your whole get to spend a week in the woods.
And that's your whole job.
That's mostly what you do.
It is, yeah, it's great.
You're super lucky, man.
You're lucky.
So we brought you out here today to do a podcast, but also because I wanted to get you into ways to well because you had a crazy wrist injury that you had to, you wound up getting two surgeries on right?
Yeah, cuz last time I was in here I just started shooting that mouth tab that's right we talked about last I think I just got set up.
Yeah, we shot yeah, that was like some of the first arrows I'd flung in front of another human That mouth tab thing how weird people don't know we're talking about well, so just explain the injury [15:02] Let's get into the injury first.
Yeah, so I mean I tore Well, so just explain the injury.
Let's get into the injury first.
Yeah, so I mean, I tore tendon in my wrist.
That does a lot of the movement.
Things ended up being dislocated and had to do a reconstruction of the tendon and all that stuff.
Had a surgery, essentially a botched surgery, which made a surgery that the surgery did probably more damage than maybe even the initial thing can really find out.
Yeah, so the bad surgery caused a lot of complications and then had to have like a salvage surgery after that.
What kind of complications did it cause?
I mean, I lost the feeling in my hand.
You don't feel anything on your hand?
No, I do now.
The second surgery, they fixed all that.
Oh, wow.
There was, yeah, just like the recovery went from essentially a, what are they promised?
Like three months to six months kind of recovery to a couple of years down the track and still not even being able to function 100% still a lot of pain and other things.
But yeah, but because of that.
[16:01] So what was wrong with the first surgery?
Like what did they do?
Did you just didn't turn out well?
Yeah, well, they broke one of the bits when they're drilling in and it got the bit, I guess got broken in the, it's like a hollow screw.
So got busted off in there.
So then they tried to use another bit to retrieve the bit and broke that bit.
And then they used a hammer and like, they used a hammer and something else to pound out the the broken stuff, yeah.
And then that caused the everything was, it was an anchor screw, so then that tore, so they took my tendon, used that tendon to make a tendon.
And then that damaged the tendon.
But then, you know, I'd been under an under-atturnicate for so long that it's like you got to just finish it up See what happens.
What happened was the tendon tore so essentially surgery was complete failure didn't work at all Plus I now had all this additional scar tissue from the hammering and the Trying to beat the thing back out.
So that's what caused a lot of like you go to a veterinary or really exactly.
[17:07] So we're gonna horses.
Yeah, it was actually it was like a first monkeys performing surgery.
I thought it was like this could be a brain.
It'd be a cool YouTube video.
Yeah, it would be great.
You do.
Yeah, yeah.
These monkeys are well trained.
Yeah, it's great.
I'm trying to get a broken drill bit of your wrist dude that I took it yeah, so that that caused the problem so yeah and part of it for me is just I So I wasn't gonna sit out in our tree season So I learned to shoot with my mouth because I couldn't draw the bow with my right hand with the right wrist because it was immobilized for a long time Cast and all that stuff.
So I would have missed a hunting season.
So I just learned to shoot, biting down on a tab, drawing back, shooting.
Got super proficient with it and had probably one of my best seasons.
Like it was awesome, you know.
I remember when Dudley did that, Dudley had a shoulder surgery.
[18:01] Yeah, and he actually had, he had to switch hands too, which I was fortunate.
I think it was better that it was like it was my dominant hand, but for both shooting, control, I'm right, I dominant.
So I control the bow with my left hand.
So is the same everything except just biting and shooting.
Yeah, I've often thought about that if that's smart.
I think my right arm's probably more stable than my left arm.
Yeah, it's quite a bit stronger, I think my right arm is probably more stable than my left arm.
Yeah.
It's quite a bit stronger, I think.
Are you shoot right handed?
Yeah.
So I pulled the bow with my right, but I feel like my right would probably be more stable.
It would.
That's the thing people, so if you don't know for archery, you base off what hand you shoot.
It's actually your eye dominance.
So whatever eye is the eye that controls your vision is the eye that you shoot with with a bow.
So you can have both eyes open, see the sight in the pin and the target simultaneously.
So if you wanted to know how to do it, you can like put your hands up, focus on an object that's far away and then close one eye and if it stays there, that's the dominant eye.
If it moves, so when I close my left eye, the object stays [19:07] there.
I'm right eye dominant.
So I shoot a right-handed bow, which is weird because you're drawing it with your right hand.
But every other, like, you shooting a pistol and you're right-handed, you use your dominant hand to control the weapon.
So it, like, really, if you're cross-eyed dominant and you shoot a bow, everybody thinks that's a bad thing, it's probably a better thing.
You're probably almost more natural in a way.
It's either way.
Obviously you could shoot a bow with your left hand.
Obviously people shoot a bow with their right hand.
So either way would work.
Exactly.
I think it's a lot of malarkey.
Yeah.
Well, I think there's a lot of malarkey that I recognize from like, like when people say you have to do certain things, one way with martial arts.
Right.
Like most of the time, most of the time.
But there's a lot of exceptions.
There is a lot of different ways to skin a cat.
Like there's people that didn't even know that and they started drawing to their non-dominated eye, but you can never shoot with both eyes open that way.
[20:03] Boxing trainers will always tell you that you shoot like in the beginning, they would never tell you to switch dances, never switch dances, but some of the best fighters ever switch dances.
Yeah.
But you're not them.
But wait a minute, how do you become them?
I mean, some of the best boxers of all time, like Terrence Crawford, today, one of the best switch hitters ever, Marvin Hagler, switch hitter, Boots and us, just like really good boxers today that switch hit.
They do it all the time, but back in the day, you just stood one leg forward and you got, and I'm like, but some people do it this way, right?
So why not learn to do it that way and be able to do it this way?
It seems way smarter than to just be completely relying on left foot forward all the time.
Right.
And with archery, I bet you, if you practice with, no one's gonna get a left-handed bow, but I bet if you did, I bet you would get better at your right.
Because that's a phenomenon that happens with learning things.
Like, even learning how to write with your left hand will teach you to write better.
[21:01] You'll write better with your right hand.
I, um, I don't know who it was, but I'd heard there was a guy, a fairly prominent archer that got such bad target panic that he switched to shooting the opposite hand and it, and it helped.
He fixed it.
Yeah, because his brain was so trained to shooting one way that he just switched to like target panic.
Target panic is bananas.
People talk about target panic like candy man.
Don't say it's too many times.
They'll show up behind you.
100%.
If folks you don't know what target panic is, it's a real thing particularly with target archers, with people who their whole life is like, your life is about getting an arrow to an X.
And if you fuck up even a little bit, just a little baby fuck up left and right, it's a nine and if you really fuck up, it's an eight, but if you hit that X, you're banging tens, baby, let's go.
And so a lot of these guys can shoot 30 Xs in a row.
[22:00] Now imagine the mind fuck of being completely stationary, 29 times in a row.
Now imagine the mind fuck of being completely stationary.
29 times in a row.
And here comes a 30th and that little demon creeps in your head.
You're gonna fuck it up, right mate?
You're gonna fuck it up.
You're gonna miss.
You're gonna miss.
You'll get into your head and that's target panic for these guys.
Some of them can't even put the pin on the target.
They have to lift the pin up to the target and when it gets to the target like a drive by they pull the trigger.
They're just going crazy.
Yeah, they just like force it in there and you get.
Yeah, and it's they just panic.
You know, and we've had Joel Turner from Shot IQ with his whole system that he has for keeping people in a conscious state of mind so that you don't experience that.
You don't just go on, ah, you don't just pass out, which is, I can't recommend enough.
It's very, very good stuff for people.
But I guess for a guy like you, you do it so often that it's, it's like a normal thing.
Like you also, you actually hit the trigger when you want the arrow to go.
[23:00] I do, yeah.
Right.
Which is like is like, most people don't do it at any cost.
Don't do it.
They'll tell you, don't do it, don't, don't.
But I think there's more than one way to address very high stress complicated situations.
And this idea that you have to have every shot be an unexpected shot.
I don't agree with that.
You have to shoot right handed.
I don't agree with any.
You have to shoot right handed.
I don't agree with any of that.
I think you just have to be good at doing it that way.
And you're obviously very good at doing it that way.
Like I've shot with you with targets.
I've seen you shoot like at distances.
You're really accurate.
And you're still doing it the way they say you're not supposed to do it.
Exactly.
But that's a trouble man.
I was too hard headed and I taught myself a bad way to do it.
I've changed the way that I shoot From when I first started shooting, but yeah, it's not It's probably not pretty, but I do I actually do more of a I do I use a in index release Which is just like a post where you activate it with your trigger [24:02] But the way that I've done it is I use kind of more of like a back tension style polling with that.
I used to just slap the trigger and it was super accurate with it.
I have.
That's a camp, does it?
You know what's funny is I, that's how I started shooting.
And I was actually shooting like tournaments and like 3D things, just, you know just getting my foot in the door, they just were fun in the off season.
Never got super serious, cause it cut into hunting, but I do it and I was winning by a lot in this guy that I was shooting with.
He was like, you're shooting absolutely wrong, you're just like that.
And it got in my head, it popped to me.
And I was like, wait, I'm doing it wrong.
Nobody's ever told me how to do it.
That messed me up.
But that's what I was saying.
It's just a mind.
It's a mind fog.
It's a mind fog.
There's no way to do it wrong.
Look, Cam shoots that way.
He's one of the best bow hunters has ever walked the face of the earth.
He shoots that way.
He makes that thing go off.
And then there's Dudley who doesn't.
Dudley who will shoot with a hinge sometimes or shoot with the back tension.
[25:07] Yeah.
But I'm also, you know, my thing is I shoot a bow for hunting.
And so for hunting, that's the best dollar release in my opinion.
And I'm very accurate with it.
So I'm not trying to shoot 900 X's in a row.
Like I'm trying to make one perfect arrow, and so I can focus on that one shot, and that release works better for me for hunting.
So that's what you said.
Why do you think that the wrist strap with the finger trigger is the best one?
For hunting?
Yeah.
Because it's always on you.
You don't have to reach for it.
You don't have to move for it.
It's like always there.
And then the other thing is, you know, they talk about like, don't punch the trigger or whatever, but in certain situations, I need that arrow to go now.
I don't need to be pulling through the shot.
Like, this is my opportunity.
And I can see.
You might be shooting in a window.
Yeah, or in the wind.
And I've got a can't the bow just right.
And I need to make like a more technical shot that maybe not that it's rushed, but it's [26:07] like this is what it has to happen.
And so it can happen the other way, but for me, it's just easier to be like in full control of that decision making.
There's also an argument on the other side now in target archering like Kyle Douglas.
Like Kyle Douglas, he, he, it's a trigger and he wins Vegas.
Right?
Yeah.
He just, uh, he's, he pulls so hard that he's pulled bows apart.
Really?
Yeah.
So he pulls on the wall so hard.
So he's just got that motherfucker locked out and he uses, uh, in indoor tournaments, he uses a thumb and hunting, he's the finger trigger.
Yeah, I love it.
It's like, you're doing it wrong.
Scoreboard.
He won.
He's doing it right.
You can't, there's that thing.
If you can do that with a sniper, like I had a long conversation with Andy Stump about this, who was in SEALS, and he's a sniper.
And I was, you know, we were talking about, like methods and he's like, [27:07] there's as long as you're repeatable, you know how to do this one method.
Like this mindset of there's only one way to do it, it has to be an unanticipated shot.
He's like, no, no.
Like, if you're a sniper, it's unanticipated.
Right.
You just don't move.
Don't flinch.
Like if you've ever, one of the proudest things if you ever go to a range is when you run out of ammo but you don't flinch, you just squeeze the trigger.
You're like, oh, that's beautiful.
Yeah, it's beautiful.
Like even though there's no, nothing the gun doesn't go off, you didn just do that with a shot, you can make a perfectly accurate shot by deciding when it goes off.
It is possible.
The idea that it's not possible, that's a silly thing to say.
But is it possible for some people?
Well, some people are spaz-as.
And some people are freaked out by anxiety, the moment, the adrenaline, [28:01] or they don't know how to keep their mind contained like with Joel Turner's methods, which I think anybody should know that.
Anybody should know that.
You should talk to yourself during it to keep yourself from just acting because of the anxiety, which is because it's a normal tendency that people have to spaz out.
Yeah.
I think the other thing too is like maybe there's there's ways that are probably best for most people And I might be the way that's best for most people But then there's also that I think the people that have a lot of time into something Can do it a different way than a lot of other people because they're they understand that moment right right So like there's a lot of people that they get drawn back on an elk They've tried to get within range of an elk for five years.
This is their opportunity and they don't know how to react to that without some other kind of complete freak out.
Complete freak out.
Doesn't matter what it is.
There's also like, in a situation where you might get a shot [29:02] soon or you didn't know you're gonna get a shot and also you do.
Because if you didn't know you're gonna get a shot and also you do.
Because if you didn't know, you're gonna get a shot and also you do.
Here a gentleman just kicks in, you're just fucking heart's beating.
Woo!
But if you know, it's gonna happen like, hey, stay chill.
It's common.
It's common.
Like he's, you know, he's calming, he's still calming, he's talking about getting a position.
You give yourself time to experience that this is actually gonna happen, rather than he's just there.
Ah!
Right.
And then you just, he tries to stay calm, but your arms move it all over the place.
Yep.
It's just, it's different experiences and whether or not your brain knows how to process those experiences.
If you've had a bunch of those experiences, you're like, oh, I've been here before.
Yeah, I know what this is.
I know how to do this.
Okay, it's gonna happen, so stay calm, pick a spot, pull through your shot.
Yeah, and even myself, like there's times where you go, [30:02] it's actually the opposite for me.
If something's surprising, it's like there, it's just like ads here.
But it's when you got to stalk all day on something.
I've invested my entire day into this, or this is the last chance, don't fuck it up.
Yeah.
You go, that's when you start to, okay, well, when I get there, here's what I'm gonna do.
Yeah.
Talk yourself through it in a way.
When you're going through the shot, do you talk to yourself as you're shooting, as you're pulling the trigger?
No, but there's a little bit of a checklist just so I don't kind of like drawback anchor level focus.
Kind of a...
So you just go through that checklist in your head?
Yeah, I think so.
So do you go through it like audibly or do you go through where you just do the things I do the things level Center people yeah, go through that line just I just make sure that I'm making the good shot and then I just focus on that shot Do you Have you ever tried the thumb triggers?
Yeah, I shoot I've got all kinds of releases and I'll shoot them all, but just for, [31:06] I don't even know why, just for fun, I guess.
Or like, let's say I'm sometimes too, if I'm like shooting and I go, God, this is, I'm just not shooting good.
Then I'll swap up the way that I shoot and go, okay, there's something like, my normal method of shooting is yeah, maybe it's I don't even know if you call it Tari like essentially a target panic kind of where I'm not shooting right then I go I'll grab that other one.
Okay, and then I get back in the rhythm and shoot Do you find any difference in your accuracy with a handheld release like a thumb trigger release versus a finger trigger release?
Mm-hmm.
I'm probably more accurate with the finger trigger because that's what I shoot all the time.
You know.
Do you do the thumb behind the head thing?
With the trigger?
Yeah.
No.
Um, it's Cam does that.
I do not do that.
No, I mean, that's a good way to get your anchor point.
I guess I don't, I'd have to do it.
But I'll hit things.
I do more of a knuckle experience on the job.
What we're talking about folks don't do archery is like you have specific anchor points [32:05] on you.
So the whole idea about shooting accurately is that you want to repeat the exact same position that you're in each time you shoot.
So there's a peep site that's in the draw in the string and you're looking through that peep site and what you're trying to do is center the site housing so that it completely halos inside of that peep sight.
And then you look down at your bubble and you want to make sure that your bubble is level.
So there's like a little leveler that's below your sight pin.
And you make sure that that's level.
So that means you're not going to be torquing the bow left or right, can't think the bow, which could affect the way it goes off.
And so you have anchor points like the tip of your nose and some people use like a little button on the string that they touch like Cam has one of those where it touches the corner of his mouth.
I have a nose button.
I like that.
Have you ever tried those?
I haven't.
They're great because it's pointy.
It like pokes your nose and you feel it on the tip of Josh Beaumont made it like so it touches the tip of your nose and it like digs into your nose.
You know 100% you're in the right spot because it just like poke on your nose like right there.
[33:07] And some people when they draw back, they'll tell you do not put your thumb behind your neck.
Do not do that.
But that's how Cam does it.
And he shoots perfectly like that.
And so I tried it.
I can't do it right.
I have to have my neck is too big so I'd have to go like way back because I'd have to have a draw length that's longer than I really should have in order.
But I fucked around with it and bent my arm forward a little bit and did it this way.
And I was like, this is better because you're locked in.
Right.
Like how stable is that?
If you get your thumb behind your head, behind your neck like that's fucking stable as shit.
Like that's locked in.
That's way more locked in than holding it there.
Like if you're holding, if you have like a hinge, you're doing like this, you've got your knuckle right where your jaw is generally or some spot in your face.
[34:01] That's not as accurate as this.
This is locked in.
You're not going anywhere, but they'll tell you not to do it.
I've never had anybody explain to me what.
I think it's probably because most people, like you said, if you're way back here, you're putting string pressure from your face onto the string.
It's pushing the knock one way or another.
It'd be really hard to tune maybe because, you know, everything needs to be straight.
And so you'd be pushing the knock one direction.
So you could adjust it.
You could adjust it.
You could factor in.
But also you could use a different style release where if you had an index style release where that's there and it's forward enough, it wouldn't make a difference.
Well, the thing about those adjustable ones, when they have adjustable necks like the spot hog, the wise guy has an adjustable neck, you can make that sucker like real long or you can pull it down short.
So you could find if your neck doesn't too big, like if you're a big giant football player, this is not gonna work for you.
But he doesn't even work for me, but it works for Cam.
He gets it right behind his neck.
Yeah, it locks in there.
And I think like anything where you can anchor in, [35:07] and there's no other way you're anchoring that way, right?
There's no other way you're anchoring forward.
Like this stops everything and it's fucking tracks.
I think this is like the best thing you could ever do.
Right.
If you could really make that work, I wish my neck was smaller so I could pull this off.
I would do that, because I feel like that is locked in, man.
Yeah, I feel, I locked in.
And I've got like a small face, so I think it worked for me.
But there's archery people out and right and I'm just pulling their hair out, going, shut up, this is terrible advice.
I know, I've watched camhain shoot balloons at 120 yards like that.
Yeah, I know that's the thing.
It doesn't matter what you do.
There's always the armchair critics that know how to do it better.
It's like, well, I got a certain kind of injury and I got to draw a certain kind of way.
It looks like shit, but it works.
Well, there's a very similar situation in I think almost every sport.
It's definitely in pool.
There's so many different schools of thought in pool of like how you're supposed to stroke the ball, whether or not you drop your elbow, [36:05] whether or not you, what fingers you hold the cue with, whether you turn your wrist forward before you shoot or whether you always keep it parallel or dangling rather.
So there's all sorts of, I think it's with everything that people are struggling to master.
People have ways that they think everybody should do it and then someone will come along that does it like completely different and They're killing everybody and they're like When the Filipinos came to America American pool players they hold the they would back in the day at least they would hold the cue Lightly but not like the Filipinos the Filipinos like Efyes, he's like one of the greatest of all time.
He's like barely holding onto it.
It's like, his hand is like a loose noodle.
And he's just like, it's smooth.
Like, he's playing a violin or something.
It's wild to watch.
And it's like this delicate way of hitting the balls.
Like, maximum efficiency of his motion.
[37:03] It's all smooth.
And they changed the way Americans are playing.
But if you had had like an American coach, like if you played that way and sucked, and you went to an American coach, they were like, what, stop doing it that way.
This is not the way, you just stop your elbow moving.
Your elbow is only supposed to do this, just a tiny motion, just back and forth.
And the upper part stays completely still, always.
These Filipinos are moving that shit around, like crazy, and playing like wizards.
Like some of the best players today, they drop their elbows, they move things around, they have long bridges, short, buddy hall on the greatest of all time, short, little tiny bridge.
And some of the greatest players, long ass bridge, like Earl Strickland, long bridge.
Like there's no, like, it's all just repeatability.
What can you do over and over and over and over again efficiently and accurately?
And I think it's the same with archery.
And I think it's the same with pool.
It's the same with a lot of things.
There's fundamental principles.
Like you have to be able to hit the ball straight if you wanted to go straight, right?
With an arrow, you have to be able to shoot a straight arrow.
Do you know how to do with compound bows sideways.
[38:05] Really?
Yeah.
What are you doing?
I've seen, I guess they started that way with like traditional bows.
Yeah, because you can't the bow on a traditional bow.
And so they just kept doing it that way.
And I'm sure you've seen guys who shoot compound bows with no sights.
Yeah, like instinctive, which is really kind of wild.
Yeah, or fingers or I mean, you can do whatever.
I like to hunt with a traditional bow too, so I do that every year as well.
And the way that I shoot that is completely different than the way that I shoot a compound bow.
I mean, because I actually just instinct, I do what's an instinctive method of traditional shooting, where a lot of people do like different kinds of string walking or whatever I just do the shoot the arrow, know the trajectory kind of like.
Like you throw a rock.
Yeah, like if I'm gonna throw, and I just the way that I practice, I walk around with a blunt tip, it's just like a non-sharp tip or practice tips.
I walk around and I shoot pine cones in the forest.
[39:02] You know, and that's like, but just engaged the loop.
The arc.
And so you just build it and it just becomes instinct.
Where it's like, if I'm gonna toss a pen to Jamie or my phone to Jamie or they're over there, it's like, I'm not gonna throw it in space.
And I'm not gonna like hit it on the floor.
I'm gonna toss it to him.
It's the arrow.
Can you toss on when you're right hand now or is it fucked up?
I mean, yeah, I guess I can.
I look like a little girl.
I did some one of those ax throwing things with my buddies and they're like, can you please stop?
Just embarrassing.
You're gonna fucking kill everybody.
This is embarrassing.
Wait, that is one good advantage of having your finger trigger though.
You don't have to have all that weight held in your hand.
Correct, yeah.
Yeah, that's good.
You might actually, if you weren't, the other way, you might actually have been forced to switch to a wrist trap.
Potentially, yeah.
Yeah.
Does it, the wrist fuck with your wrist or all?
The wrist trap?
It does, yeah, it puts her.
It's her.
It's her.
It's her.
It's gonna make a big difference.
I can't say enough about ways to well and just dem cells in general.
[40:10] I mean, I've got a bunch from my friend, Roddy McGee in Vegas.
And what they do is fix things that you would ordinarily have to get surgery for.
In your case with the torn ligaments, they would have to have surgery.
Yeah, that's what they said.
Once it's ripped's ripped after that, you know, the recovery portion is where you need it.
Exactly.
And it just really helps heal injuries, man.
Like really helps.
I have a left knee problem for a long time.
Like I tore my ACL on my left leg when I was 22, I think.
I tore it and then I had a surgery on it where they did a patellar tendon graft and they tried to suture up the meniscus because there was a tear in the meniscus as well.
But the suture didn't take the meniscus tour and then had a bucket handle tear in the meniscus [41:02] which is pretty significant because it would lock my leg out and so that I had to get tear in the meniscus, which is pretty significant.
Cause it would lock my leg out and so that I had to get some of the meniscus removed.
So it's always like a little less stable there.
There's a little space there and it gets banged around.
It's always sore.
And it got over the last couple of years.
It's actually the stupidest fucking way I heard it ever.
I was on my way on stage at Stubbs in Austin, which is outdoor venue.
And as I was going up these cement stairs, the stairs take like a little turn and I was turning the recorder on, on my phone to record my set and I stubbed my foot against the stone and it twisted my knee sideways like somebody healed hooked me.
And it was excruci.
And I had to go on stage, like right there.
And my leg was shaking like I was scared.
So I was like, what the leg?
Like shaking like my first time, like I didn't even shake like that my first time on stage.
But it was like, ugh, ugh.
Cause it was just robbing and I had ignored it.
I should have, in retrospect, I should have like [42:01] addressed it and made fun of the fact that I'm such a fucking moron.
And my leg was fucked for a long time after that.
And it got a little bit better.
And then every time I get better, I would just start kicking the bag again.
And or going back to Moitai or going to Jiu-Jitsu.
And it heard again.
And I'm like, fuck, fucker.
And so I went a whole year without kicking the back.
One, for me, it's crazy.
I went a whole year.
I'm like, I'm just gonna strengthen this.
I follow this guy Ben Patrick.
He's got this Instagram page, Neat Over Toes guy.
I've only ever seen his stuff.
Yeah, I think I've just seen something.
He's amazing.
So I've been doing all these goblets, squats on a slant board and Nordic curls and all these different exercises to strengthen all the muscles around the knee, which I never really bothered to do.
I would do leg exercises, but I didn't think specifically exercises that stabilize the knee.
So between that and ways to well, I have zero pain now.
It's crazy.
That's awesome.
This has been years since I had no pain.
[43:02] Years, like I would go upstairs, it would just be annoying.
I'd feel it.
I could do it, but I would feel it.
I don't feel it at all.
I mean, at all, it's nuts, it's nuts.
And so to think to me, it's always kicking the bag.
Because if I can kick the bag and then I'm not sore the next day, something's changed.
Because it was like every time I'd kick the bag like the next day I'm like, oh, I'm gonna pay for that.
I'm gonna pay for that.
I'm gonna walk on a route.
He's kinda a little bit swollen, you know?
Yeah.
So I'm really, really hoping that that's gonna have a similar effect on your wrist.
Yeah, I'm pretty stoked.
You know, like, yeah, you should know within fairly short amount of time.
I'm like, well, because a wood you shoot him up with an IV plus some direct into the joint stuff Yeah, I don't know It was all gibberish to me Yeah, they're talking about so million millions of whatever you go, okay What exactly did you inject him with I should have done this with voice?
[44:04] The voice is very accurate.
I don't know how it is on your shitty Android phone.
But on these American phones, these real American Apple iPhones.
I don't even, I just think it does it now.
I love to talk.
You guys are still talking.
I talk shit, but I'm not an Apple fanboy.
I love, I've had Samsung.
I was very disappointed when I found out the moon photo wasn't real though.
Oh, I was bra've had Samsung.
I was very disappointed when I found out the moon photo wasn't real though.
Oh, I was bragging to everybody.
Look at my phone can do.
Right.
I could take a picture of the moon.
But I mean, they're great pictures is great.
It's so clear.
How is it doing?
Because it's lying to you.
They're like it's no different than face filters.
It's a lot different.
If a face filter makes me look like Arnold Schwarartz and Edgar, like then, you know, something's going on with that face filter.
It's lying.
Right.
That move filters a fucking lie.
But other than that, they're amazing phones.
I just, you know, I'm just locked in the fucking Apple ecosystem.
But I love the rebels.
Yeah.
Like [45:01] my friend, Brian Simpson, he's Android for life.
He makes fun.
Everybody would app old Gordon Ryan same thing Android for life and you you know you like annoying people.
I do My favorite thing is just breaking green bowl You know and the best is like I get taken off of group text.
Oh my god.
I Hate because they they can't I mess you exactly so like taking me off sweet awesome.
Thank you I'll hear that anyways.
sweet, awesome.
Thank you.
I didn't hear that anyways.
There's actually hearings about this now because some people are arguing that Apple has created an unfair monopoly on the cell phone world because of the whole green bubble, blue bubble, I message thing.
It's such a psychological, it's so weird.
People are real attached to that.
Well, it's a status thing with kids.
If kids have Android phones, they get mocked.
There's some nutty thing.
It's like 90% of teenagers have iPhones.
Really?
Because if you have like a Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra, which is arguably the best phone on Earth, if you have that phone, you give a green bubble.
[46:03] You looked at last and you have an iPhone 10 because you get a special color bubble.
You get a blue bubble.
Oh yeah.
Because you're eye messaging.
You can have an old-ass iPhone and people respect you more.
Yeah, right.
Well, you're not that poor.
Yeah.
But you can't.
But you can't.
Literally, the Galaxy S24 Ultra is, listen, forget about fanboy shit.
It's the best phone on earth.
It's the best phone.
It has AI built into the phone that will translate in real time, built into the phone.
It has AI that will transcribe voice recordings and summarize it for you.
So you can make voice notes, it'll summarize it for you.
It'll write texts in different styles.
Like you can say, make this more business, make this more friendly.
And it'll do that with AI.
Yeah, it's pretty wild.
That's nuts.
And it has a stylist.
You can write on it and it'll turn it into text.
Like you could write on it in your shitty ass handwriting.
[47:01] And it'll transcribe it in a normal types set.
Yeah, you can take, I do a lot of filming or whatever with it.
Photos, you can just like, it's pretty crazy the stability of zooming in at 10 power and hand hold it.
Yeah.
It's pretty wild.
And now when they're doing this, like with these phones, like apples phones don't give you nearly as much flexibility in terms of like what you can do with the camera app.
Right.
Or like multi-tasking.
The mother, that's another thing they do.
You can, I can do anything.
Like, you have two windows going simultaneously.
You can have a YouTube video.
Well, you kind of can do that window in window.
You can kind of do that with Apple with YouTube.
With YouTube will let you have a little tiny window.
Right.
But with this, it'll separate your screen for you.
I can talk on the phone and watch a movie.
Yeah.
Yeah, literally it'll separate your screen for you and show you the two things.
It's pretty interesting.
It's the amount of ver- but it's all that locked into that Apple world, which so many people, including me, are locked into that world.
So if you do deviate, it's like, what do you do?
And it's like, you're living [48:05] in the woods now.
You're green bubble people.
Yeah, people probably listen to the product guys.
I'd be like, I used to like that.
I can't trust anything he says now.
Oh my God.
It is interesting.
I don't think that it's a monopoly.
I just think that they've developed a way to make a product that everybody wants.
I mean, it's a sneaky move, but like, how's that any different than like Nike?
If you wear Nike, you're cool.
If you wear a KEDS, you're a fucking loser.
Yeah.
You know, it's like, do you notice when you have them on that much?
I guess maybe you do by the way they look, but what's the difference?
Like, why do you care?
But people care.
It's a status thing.
Yeah, it makes people angry.
Like, I don't really give a shit.
Like, I don't care what other people use.
I just use what I like.
What in count?
What are problems do you encounter by using an Android phone?
It's mostly just people complaining about the bubble situation.
That's it?
And I'm like, people are like, it's so, on your phone is about, and I was like, no, it doesn't even matter.
I guess they started doing something like a screen or something, but.
[49:05] Well, on your phone, you can have, you can have your text in all kinds of different colors.
Yeah, it doesn't matter.
But you can change it.
There's like different ways you can have that set up.
That's the main problem.
And then I think the other problem is, when somebody sends like a photo, because yeah, I don't know, I I'm not a spokesperson.
It's SMS.
Yeah, it's the most old technology there is.
And so you can't communicate with my phone not because your phone's superior, but because it doesn't use new technology.
That's the argument that Apple is actually having to take a step to combat that.
And so what they're doing is they're coming out with RCS texting.
RCS texting is rich, something, I forget what it's called.
But what that means is that you'll be able to have the same capability that you have, like say if you use WhatsApp or Signal.
Right, if you use one of those encoded messaging services, you can send a full resolution photograph, you can send a video.
There's not like a size limitation.
[50:01] So with the iMessage, you can send anything back and forth to iMessage people But if someone wants to send you a photo they have to send an sms So it could be this like you know huge amazing high resolution photo that you took on your Android phone with that crazy 200 megapixel lens.
Yeah, but I get this bullshit ass Right, bro.
Yeah, you're fucking camera sucks Exactly.
Is it impresses this shit out of it in the videos videos are the worst.
They're the worst, like this little square.
It is like you're back in 1998.
Right.
It's like aol.com.
You've got mail.
That's what it looks like.
Exactly.
But it's like, just get your shit with the rest of the world, man.
Apple should have done that a long time ago.
They were only like Tim Cook said, get your mom an iPhone.
When someone said, how come, you know, I can't text with my mom and back in the give it, get your mom an iPhone.
That's what he said.
My lover is like, whoa.
That's not the way to handle it.
Fella.
You're going to give people mad at you.
They just have everybody locked in.
It's pretty smart.
Whatever they've done, it's quite genius because the psychological aspect of it is which it's interesting It's similar to Windows and Macs, but it's more because you're using it in public with everybody.
[51:12] Whereas if you sent me an email and you from a Windows laptop and I have a Mac laptop, I have no idea you're sending me from a Windows.
It's just coming in as an email.
Same thing.
So they figured out a way to have the thing that you carry and use the most connected to a brand that you have to like, that has status attached to it.
Yeah, it's pretty, it's genius.
Pretty clever.
It's the best technology they got.
I don't see how that's illegal though.
There's no one stopping you from going out and getting a Samsung.
Right.
Yeah, that to me is weird.
Like, it doesn't.
Google is one of the biggest companies in the world, and they have their own phones.
Right.
They have pixels.
Yeah.
It's also a great phone.
Yeah.
And then you can take those.
The interesting thing, I've been going back and forth with people about this because I had a conversation with Tulsi Gabbard, where we're talking about these phones that are D-Google phones.
[52:07] And I guess I'm a spoke, because I was saying that you can't use all the regular apps with them.
So I think you can, but I just don't know if you could use, because it doesn't track your location.
So I don't know how you would use like Google Maps without giving it access to your location.
Yeah, I think you would if you used those apps, right?
So does it, but then does it keep your location or does it graphene keep it from doing that?
I'm not sure, I'm not.
Because Google just gives, Google's a little snitch.
Google gives you up wherever you are.
Where were you over that phone?
They know who you are.
Oh yeah, for sure.
So I was watching this video on this last night by by that Rob Braxman guy and he was explaining, he's an interesting guy that is like all about, his whole YouTube channel is about privacy.
It's all about how many people are siphoning off information off your phone and everything every day.
But what he was saying that the people that got arrested January 6th, all the people that were around the Capitol, [53:01] they got arrested because of their cell phone data.
So their cell phone data.
So their cell phone data gave their geo location, their tracking.
And so what the FBI did was say, hey, who is there?
And they went to all these different cell phone companies.
They got all their data.
And they said, well, all these people shows that their phone was on the capital lawn or was in the capital building.
And they know where they were.
And so then they go, hey, you're going to jail.
That's wild.
Yeah, from your location of your phone.
Yeah.
And even if you were there, just to see what's going on.
Like if you and I were there and you have your bullshit snitch phone over there and that bullshit snitch phone is just constantly giving off all of your location to anybody in every app that asked for it and you're on that capital lawn and you're like, this is crazy, let's get out of here.
And then all of a sudden, like six months later, the FBI knocks on your door and thinks you're an insurrectionist.
Yeah, that's wild.
Woo!
So yeah, I like it nowhere I'm at.
So when the AI takes over, it's like, oh, he's one of the good guys.
He's on our side.
Yeah, we don't want them to have to blow us up.
Right.
Yeah, I think inevitably, there will be no escape.
[54:05] And I think all this D-Google stuff, and it's great.
It's really probably good to protect yourself from the prying eyes of big government and big business and big data and all these people that try, it's probably good to not do that.
But also, it's happening.
It's happening, kids.
It's happening kids.
Like we're getting sucked into some new world.
Yeah.
Whether you like it or not, that's common.
It's how it is.
Unfortunately.
It's how it is.
Yeah.
It's how it is.
Brian Simpson's funny because he was just complaining the other night.
He's like, I give Google all my information.
I was like, go go ahead spy on me get it all and they still fuck it up.
They'll still offer me ads like bitch, why did you think I would want to buy that?
That's good.
It's true.
It's like it's not perfect yet.
No, it's not perfect.
But yeah, that's just the world we live in apparently.
Does it mess with any of the things like Onyx Hunt or anything like that?
Is there any difference between those?
Everyone's in a while you'll get an app that's not developed as well for it, but...
[55:08] Oh, okay.
That's about it.
What are examples of an app that's not as good?
God, I haven't used one in a long time to be honest.
They used to say Instagram, but now apparently it's optimized for it.
Yeah, I watched a certain things that would work and then not work, but.
But I want to waste time.
Yeah.
I watch videos on cell phones that I'll never buy.
Yeah, exactly.
I watch videos on cell phones that were like, come to China.
Like China's amazing tech man.
Yeah.
The tech that's coming out of China right now, I mean, if you've seen their electric cars that could just drive over bumps and there's zero motion in the car.
They have all these little speed bumps set up and this car has balanced champagne glasses on the roof of the car or in the hood of the car and the car's driving over it and it's not disturbing them.
It's insane.
It's insane.
They have crazy technology and their [56:02] automobile's right now in China.
It used to be just a few years ago like Elon said their electric cars are kind of bullshit.
But now they're like, you look at them, you're like, holy fuck man.
They look like spaceships.
They have crazy capabilities.
They can go in circles.
Some of them can spin 360 degrees in a circle.
In place.
In place.
So like if you want to do a U-turn, you don't have to, you turn, just do a spin.
You're car just spins around.
Wow.
Yeah.
Nuts.
Yeah, I guess that's a, like in a place like China where it's just jammed actually, yeah, good move.
Yeah, good move to be able to just spin around in a circle.
But they show, they have a video of the car doing in a parking lot.
It's bananas.
It's just spinning in a circle.
and forwards, then you can go forward and backward.
Yeah, it's wild.
There's technology that's just, dude, beyond what.
Most people don't even know how good self-driving is right now.
Self-driving, like I have a Tesla, and my self-driving, it's insane how good it is.
It changes lanes, stops at red lights, starts again when the light turns green.
[57:00] Crazy.
It knows where all the cars are around it.
You can see the cars in the screen.
Like in the screen when I'm looking down, you see an image of your car and everything that's around you.
This is, it's recognized.
This is a pickup truck.
This is a delivery truck.
This is a Volkswagen Beetle.
Like it's like, well, this is nuts.
That's crazy.
And it just drives for you.
You're if you keep your hands on the wheel, it'll drive you home.
So if you're like, I broke my foot, fuck, what do I do?
I can't, I just get to the car, punch in the thing, and it just take you home.
Huh.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's pretty crazy.
It's nuts.
And that's just the beginning.
I think in 20 years, the idea of driving your own car is gonna be like riding horse to work.
Yeah.
Like what?
He drove his own car.
Is that even legal?
Where are you gonna park that horse?
You know, that's literally how people are gonna look at it.
Everyone's gonna have an automated car.
It's gonna cut down on the automobile fatalities by 90% [58:00] 100% and it's gonna cut down on the fun by 100%.
Yeah.
That's the part is like there is something about driving and Responsibility and having your life in your hands and having to pay attention to things.
Yeah, it's like for you Yeah, we're creating a world where we don't have to pay attention to things Yeah, I noticed that like in what I do or you bring someone out in the wild and the things that they don't notice is Uncanny You bring someone out in the wild and the things that they don't notice is uncanny.
Like dude, what do you see that mountain line?
You're not paying enough attention for the experience that we're having right now right here.
Yeah, but your phone away.
Yeah.
And people that are not used to just looking around them, 360 degrees, you're on a mountain.
There's hills and valleys and there's water down there.
There's things overhead and it's like, the sensory overload for a person who's used to cities.
Yeah, well I just walked, I don't spend much time in large cities, but I just walked from my hotel to breakfast.
You know, I like looked at the map, [59:00] saw where it was, walked to there.
And the amount of people that almost ran into me was insane.
Like, dude at what point do we, like does anybody look up and maneuver as just noticing like so many people never even looking up.
So many people are looking at their phone while they're walking across the street, which I think is so crazy.
I always have to be the like protective, oh I've got little kids now too, I'm always the, on the lookout for cars.
Yeah, I guess so.
I guess they started putting signs and where's it, Germany or somewhere, they're on the ground so they can see whether to walk or not walk when they're on the ground.
Like the lights are now on the ground because everybody's looking down.
How many people are developing bad posture because of this?
Because it has to affect you.
You're doing this all the time.
Punched over.
Until we got these chairs, I get back pain every podcast episode.
Because you gotta think you're sitting, which is not good for you.
It's not good to sit.
And then you're sitting in like a regular chair that has like a slump back.
You're leaning back and you got a weird posture.
And on the podcast, I'd be like, ugh, center my back will be stiff.
[1:00:05] So these kind of chairs, it's like ergonomic chairs, they force you to have good posture.
Yeah, I noticed that.
Yeah, probably speak better too.
Problem, man.
You know like when you're maybe, maybe you have you sit up, jacked.
I don't know.
Yeah, I guess so.
Yeah, maybe.
maybe I still find myself doing this sometimes, but much more often than I would be, I sit straight.
Yeah.
And I just support you because posture is essentially like a static exercise.
That's really what it is.
You know, you're just because you cut your body wants to do this.
Yeah.
But so if you have to static, it's like a static hold that you keep up all day.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But if you do it, you'll, you're better off.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, but if you do it, you'll you'll be better off If you do this you lean for that you haven't get a neck problem you are But my daughter used to go to school with this kid and I was always saying how does this kid even do this?
Because he always had his chin to his chest He'd be sitting out in front of the school waiting for his mom to pick him up and this kid [1:01:02] waiting for his mom to pick him up.
And this kid has to, too, trust like this.
Like, he was the skinny kid and his head was like flat.
Like the back of his neck, like he was like his head was growing out of the center of his chest.
It looked painful.
And he's just like, his body's just gotten used to it.
He's not, he doesn't even bother to hold his fucking head up.
He lets his head just drop down his chest.
That's crazy.
How many kids are gonna get like bat?
Is that an issue?
It is right?
Like neck problems because of cell phones.
I'm remembering this picture at times to grow up posted one time.
Look at that guy.
That's crazy.
He's no head.
That is exactly what that kid looks like.
They would go to my daughter's school.
The poor bastard.
That's not what it's got to do.
It's not this guy.
That looks like somebody took the Samsung pen.
Got rid of his head.
There's another thing the Samsung think to do.
If someone's annoying and like if we take a photo, I'm tired.
Jamie's bullshit.
You could take just circle Jamie and press that little magic button.
[1:02:02] And poof, Jamie goes away and they'll fill you in with the background.
How do you like that?
That a picture is good, everybody out of them.
Yeah.
But you could also doctor photos too.
You could make things way bigger than they really are.
Like you could take a car and say, look at this crazy car, so I just, right.
Yeah, just put it in the middle of the street, bigger than everything else and everybody like what the fuck so hard to tell was a real anymore It's real hard to tell crazy.
It's almost impossible.
I know I always get these ads that are like you talking about something It's not you talking.
Yeah, it's insane.
So many people send them to me.
They go hey man.
Is this real?
Oh, no No, I've never heard of that company.
I don't know what they're doing.
Yeah, they're just jacking my voice It's probably some dude in Nigeria.
Yeah, make sure money get a free crossbow This came up today because someone was saying that Kanye West is making a limited production Cybertruck like he redesigned the outside of the cyber truck.
It's like three million dollars And so dudes were asking me about I'm like, I don't know if that's real like I saw that thing too like I think I saw it on Instagram.
I don't know if that's real.
Like, I saw that thing too, like, I think I saw it on Instagram.
[1:03:07] I don't know if that's real.
It looks fake.
Yeah, it looks like something I would do and say and get a bunch clicks.
You can always tell because it's like something.
Yeah, that thing.
Is that real?
The easy cyber truck.
Doesn't sound real, but...
$1.2 million US dollars the car is all about straight lines like how how's that real how do you even say out of that a Video so okay, well scroll up says a video surface online supposedly reveals the design of Kanye West limited edition easy Cybertruck All black futuristic twist to an already pretty out there and controversial design.
I was telling my my daughters hate the Cybertruck They hate it.
Why is that?
I don't know, man.
Just not cool, man.
It's ugly.
They hate it.
I think it's dope.
Yeah, they look cool.
They look more dope though, but I saw much of them on the road.
Did I see you try to shoot it with your belt?
Yeah, I did shoot it.
Yeah.
You It didn't go through.
It bounced right off it.
It can take a 45 slug.
[1:04:05] Really?
Yeah, but I was thinking like, if I had heavier arrows and I had like a single bevel, like an iron wheel, or even a double bevel, something with a cut on contact, I used like a regular three blade, like it was like a Montex style, you know?
Yeah.
And it just destroyed it.
It bounced right off Montex style, you know?
Yeah.
And it just destroyed it.
It bounced right off it.
Yeah.
Or the arrow.
Or the steel paneling or steel.
Yeah.
It's thick too.
Yeah.
It's crazy.
It's like 7,000 pounds that thing.
Wow.
Yeah.
But you can shoot it.
Like a lot of people online have shot them with guns.
Like nine mill it.
It's pretty nuts.
That is crazy.
Well, that's just for fun.
He did that for fun.
That's how crazy that dude is.
It's like it's making a bulletproof.
It's also arrow proof.
But it made me think.
If I had a two blade, so it cuts better, [1:05:00] gets more penetration.
And then if I had a sleeve over the collar over the end of it, you know, like some protective sort of and then a heavier arrow.
And out sir with an arrow and out sir heavy and I was thinking if I had my 90 pound bow, maybe get that to stick in there a little bit.
Maybe not though.
I mean, if it's bouncing bolts off of it, yeah, it's pretty thick.
It is.
I don't know.
You of it.
Yeah, it's pretty thick.
It is.
I don't know.
You try it.
Yeah.
Are you still a two blade guy now?
I am, yeah.
Yeah, you're all in on that now.
I am, yeah.
And you think you prefer penetration over like a big cut.
I do, yeah.
But it's because where I try to edge toward the shoulder more, where like the shoulder blades there to protect the vitals.
And so if you accidentally hit that, I'd rather have penetration and still with a clean kill with a tube blade.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's the the real debate.
Mechanicals versus.
Yeah.
[1:06:01] And I feel like it's like better to make a good shot than because like with a mechanical, you have to almost intentionally make a bad shot sometimes but banking on the fact that it's cutting larger.
You know, because you have to stay away from the shoulder or depending on the angle like a quarter to way shot.
Like I've just had I've had failures with mechanical ones, so I just stay away from them.
What mechanicals have you tried in the past?
A lot of different ones.
So this is another thing like cam shoots the craziest mechanical he shoots what's called a carnivore.
I have it.
Is it a grim reaper one?
I shut those ones.
I like the grim reaper ones.
Dude, it's a catapult.
Yeah.
Shoot in the catapult.
Yeah.
At this thing.
It's like this big like it opens a tunnel in their body cap.
Right.
They just die.
They go down quick.
It's crazy to see how fast things go down because you open up such a hole in them and he shoots 90 pounds too, so it's got a lot of kinetic energy.
A lot of kinetic energy and then this big cutting surface of four blades and they're pretty gnarly looking.
You see them open, like Jesus.
[1:07:01] That's good.
But there's a lot going on there.
Right.
And if you do hit the shoulder, start with a lot of things that go wrong.
Right.
Sometimes the simplest design is the best design.
We've been using two blade arrow tips for thousands of years.
Yeah.
They were right here.
Check that out.
That's the real one.
This was probably a, this is a fishing, this was probably for fishing.
You think so?
Because it's so wide or so big.
Yeah.
Where did this come from Texas?
Yeah.
Probably dug out of like a sandy bottom.
Could be.
Why would you think that that one would be fishing just the width of it?
Yeah, I've just seen a lot of these like this that would be the size of it.
Yeah.
Really?
Yeah.
So to debilitate the fish, not like a barbed type thing.
Yeah, it would probably I could be wrong But I have some similar to this that I was told were for fishing Do they were they attaching strings to the end of their arrows when they would shoot fish with?
No, I don't think so.
Oh really just shoot the fish and then have you seen I've seen guys like just chilling the Amazon and stuff They do it.
They shoot the fish and then they grab the arrow.
I did see that didn't Rinella do that he went to Guyana.
Yeah, I'm like that.
Yeah, yeah, and you probably those like long arrow [1:08:13] you know probably I mean I imagine there'd be whatever species traveling up those more sandy bottoms when they're spawning and stuff like that so they probably shoot spawning fish a lot and then have those and you just grab the arrows with the fish on it.
That makes us make a lot easier than just grabbing the fish.
So this would be, do you think it'd just be too big for deer?
Yeah, I think so.
So we'll...
You see a lot of the hunting like big game ones are probably half the size of that.
Depends on where you're at, they're like where I'm at, you see a lot of obsidian arrowheads.
Hmm.
But, you know, I'm not sure down here that could be, it just be, my guess is it'd be hard to get that to fly very good for very much distance.
Right.
You know, so you probably used like a long arrow, maybe not even any fletching, shooting in [1:09:01] a short distance.
Hmm.
Which could be, I mean, brush country, I'm not real familiar with what's around here.
So, there's a lot of brush out there.
Yeah, but they're probably hunting deer and they probably in tight quarters too, so it could work for deer.
Yeah, it's kind of amazing.
You could definitely use that for deer hunting, but it's kind of amazing that when they were here, there weren't even any pigs.
Yeah.
And now they're fucking...
And rewars.
Swarming.
Yeah, I was in a place down in, I guess it'd be West Texas.
I would add hunting was the last year maybe the year before.
But this place had a cave on it in it, and there was like cave paintings and stuff.
But you gotta think like when they were, I said that that cave was probably used for thousands of years.
Like you could see that where people had sat and it was worn smooth and it was pretty wild.
But when those people were here hunting, it was a forest.
Now it's a desert.
Wow.
You know, so you think about it like, just come and change.
Maybe they should have been better with their carbon.
[1:10:00] They probably should have.
Hahaha.
I think they probably stopped climate change by killing all the mammoths, right?
I don't think they killed all the mammoths.
No, they didn't.
There's no way.
It doesn't make sense.
Well, it's also, there's so many spots on Earth where you go, wait, that used to be a forest, like the Sahara Desert used to be a rainforest?
What?
What?
Right.
And while people were alive, what?
Pretty crazy.
Yeah.
Haven't they found, wasn't there like the bones of some kind of whale that they found in the Sahara?
I don't remember this correctly, it might have been one of them.
They are a bunch of these Instagram pages that are just a hundred percent full of shit.
Yeah.
Like a 30 foot tall skeleton of a man uncovered in Turkey and this archeologist digging it out and you're like, what?
And then he go, oh, this fucking page.
And so there was this thing that I did see that was near where I'm living, Reno, but I was just really.
I was just really.
It's an ocean going mammal.
[1:11:02] Wow.
Some of the earliest forms of whale.
Okay, so this whale, where does it say, they found it?
They found it in Egypt in the desert.
What's it called?
Basil, basilosorid?
Huh, wow.
Designated at Unisco World Heritage Site in July 205 for its hundreds of fossils to some of the earliest forms of whale.
Wow.
The archiosetty, analog stink sub-order of whales, the site reveals evidence for the explanation of one of the greatest mysteries of the evolution of whales.
The emergence of whale of the whale as an ocean going mammal from a previous life as a land-based mammal.
No other place in the world yields the number, concentration, and quality of such fossils.
Wow.
That's wild.
That is wild.
Whale fossil.
Look how big it is.
Look at they found.
[1:12:01] That's fucking crazy.
Look at they found Crazy bro look what they found look at that that's insanity They found an enormous whale skeleton in the fucking desert Did you ever see the animal that they said was a whale before it became a whale looks like a wolf?
I haven't seen I had a photo of it on my Instagram this It's the original look of the fucking mouth on the whale.
Holy shit dude.
That thing's crazy.
They found that thing.
Little little feet.
They found that thing.
So, show the animal, Jamie, that used to be a whale or the that a whale became became a whale from this evolved from this animal It's looks like some weird looking dog like wolf thing No, no, there's there's images that if they've recreated of what it looked like when it was walking around on the ground.
Yeah, that's it [1:13:05] The origin of wool of whales that thing like when it was walking around on the ground.
Yeah, that's it.
The origin of whales, that thing.
Looks like a giant rat.
It does look like a rat there.
That one's actually in the water.
But it's not that big either.
How the fuck are whales get so big?
But if you see the images of what it looked like, there's one that I had, Jamie, it's on my Instagram.
Cause I remember, that's what it looked like.
Look at that one down there with the flippers and the tees.
Look at that fucker.
Look at that.
So those suckers walked around on the ground outside and then somehow another they chose to live in the ocean, allegedly, if you believe in evolution, if you're one of those silly fucks.
That's wild.
If you're one of those silly people, doesn't believe the world was created in six days.
You think that that's what happened?
Whales?
That they used to be like a land mammal.
A land mammal.
And then somehow another became a whale.
Yeah, that's wild.
And also, how long did it take for you to figure that out?
[1:14:01] Yeah, exactly.
How many bones did you guys have to, who was the guy who gave, hey, I got a crazy thought.
Yeah, because I, I imagine they probably didn't find it all, well, it looked like they found it all in one piece, but maybe they just stacked it like that.
They probably haven't found a lot in tact like that.
It's one little piece, what's this giant bone?
Right.
I mean, that's all laid out there.
You're making me think of this meme I saw recently.
Have you seen this?
The skeleton?
How aliens would create the animal?
The animal?
Oh, that's funny.
Oh, right, a rabbit versus like, if you look at the skeleton, yeah, right?
Yeah, you would think that's some sort of a predatory animal.
That's funny.
That's all crap.
That's all skeletons and you wouldn't know.
It had giant feathers covering up its feet.
What is that thing in the lower left?
What the hell is that thing?
For past that, lower left.
Yeah, what is that?
So if someone took the bones of modern animals, [1:15:00] like it's probably a horse or something like that.
And tried to, yeah, because our idea of what a dinosaur looks like is like completely speculative.
Right.
In fact, in Montana's, they have a science museum, and in the front they have a velociraptor.
Has they're normally depicted, and then on the other side it's how they think they might actually be, which is covered in feathers.
Just completely.
Yeah.
Like a bird.
Just like a bird.
Yeah.
See that.
Yeah.
See.
I think I've seen it.
See if you can find that from the Montana Science Museum.
It might be a museum in Natural History, Montana, whatever it is.
But it's in Boseman.
Yeah.
I saw it when I was there.
I was like, oh, look at that.
Oh, imagine.
Because we think of them in this reptiles.
Yeah.
Like some lizard looking thing.
But they think they, they at least know some of them.
They now know for sure had feathers because they found fossilized.
Like images were shows like where they had feathers.
Giant chickens.
Yeah.
That's it.
Yeah, that's exactly what it looks.
[1:16:01] So they think it might look like that, which is actually even scarier.
Right.
Right.
It's kind of scarier if it's pretty.
If it's gonna fuck you up and it's beautiful.
Yeah, I could see that.
That actually looks more realistic in a way.
It does, right?
It looks like something that we see.
Right.
And if birds are really dinosaurs that survived and they have so many of the characteristics that dinosaurs have.
Some of them do, right?
Yeah.
And you know, some of them even have teeth.
But if you look at that thing, like, yeah, I could see.
Yeah, that looks, it does look like an angry chicken.
Yeah.
It's moving away from Brafter specifically, but yeah, these are all just, I think it's the dinosaurs at that museum.
So the theory is that many different dinosaurs perhaps, even the T-Rex have heard speculated the T-Rex, look at that fucker, woo!
That's crazy.
Wow.
Yeah, that looks cooler.
Yeah, it's all ways on on the G-Rex.
Yeah, it looks like he's in his hair band phase.
[1:17:01] Look at that thing, I'm gonna say.
I'm gonna say it in the band for sure He looks like he could be in poison.
Yeah.
They don't really know.
I mean, one day they'll probably figure it out, but right now it's just a lot of guessing.
I wonder how they could, one way they could figure it out is to bring one back.
That'd be sweet.
Well, they could pretty much do that with mammoths now, right?
Oh, they're real close.
Yeah, we're actually going to go see the mammoth when it's actually made really.
Yeah, that's awesome.
Yeah, I want to see it.
I want to see that thing.
Like what are you gonna do with that?
Yeah, you let them lose because they're good so they start with an's because then they'll just keep doing it with the outright to get more yeah, man with yeah They just gonna they're I guess they'll keep doing it and then develop breeding pairs and then you know They're gonna have to separate them to make sure they have genetic diversity Are they gonna like put them back in the wild?
I think they are I think they want to do it in Siberia first.
Yeah, yeah ideas that it would stop [1:18:08] Global warming global warming by somehow.
I don't know how.
Yeah, they would eat more of the eating for our spreading the seeds.
Yeah, probably turn us into a new ice age.
Yeah, fucking it is.
I think stomping on the ground too.
Yeah.
They're gonna literally cool the planet to the point where we're fucked.
I know they're gonna be like, we gotta kill all the mammoths to bring back global warming.
Exactly.
I'll be like the next hunting.
Well, that's what my friend Randall Carlson always says.
He said, global warming is a concern.
He goes, but global cooling is a real concern.
He goes, that's what's really scary.
What's really scary is ice ages.
Yeah.
Because there's been moments on Earth while human beings were alive and while animals lived, there's been moments on Earth where it got so cold that there was so little oxygen in the Earth, on the Earth that we almost didn't make it.
That's crazy.
Like we're all biological life was real close to being extinguished.
[1:19:01] Yeah, having been to the Arctic, you realize you don't want it to be that cold everywhere.
All the time, everywhere.
And all these fucking eggheads that want to spray the skies with particles and cool the sun like, slow down.
Yeah.
We don't just move to the places that used to be cold when it gets a little warmer.
Wouldn't that be a better solution than fucking start another ice age, you dipshits?
Yeah.
Because they don't really know what's gonna happen if they do wind up cooling the earth.
But I guess, like, what if it works too good?
Yeah.
Or what, I mean, I suppose like one giant volcano, super volcano can pretty much cool the earth pretty quick to you, right?
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
One giant volcano, we're fucked.
Yeah.
I mean, anybody who lives anywhere near Yellowstone when it blows as fucked But even people in England are fucked if Yellowstone goes.
Oh, yeah, everyone's fucked.
It's gonna be nuclear winter Yeah over the whole world.
Yeah, it's pretty wild all plants are gonna die people turn to cannibals In that happen that people they got down to the [1:20:01] Toba right that's it the toba volcano in Indonesia.
There's a super volcano that blew, they think it got down to, I forget the number of thousands of people, but thousands of people left on Earth.
And they traced that back to this particular super volcano explosion that I think was 70,000 years ago.
Wow.
Yeah, 70,000 years ago.
Toba eruption, bit associated with a genetic bottleneck in human evolution, about 70,000 years ago.
It's hypothesized that the eruption resulted in a severe reduction in the size of the total human population due to the effects of the eruption and on the global climate, according to the genetic bottleneck theory, which we in 50,000, 100,000 years ago, human populations decreased by 10,000, decreased to 3,000 to 10,000 surviving individuals.
So there was as little as 3,000, that's the low number of humans on earth [1:21:01] because of this eruption.
So literally like a good sized theater, where I would do a show.
That's crazy.
Those are the people that live.
That's it for the whole Earth.
Yeah, because we aren't super adapted to the cold really.
All 3000 can be like, it's not split 50, 50 male to female.
Right, yeah.
Who knows?
I mean, probably mostly men survived.
It's supported by some genetic evidence suggesting that modern humans are descended from a very small population of between 1,000 and 10,000 breeding pairs that existed about 70,000 years ago.
That is fucking kooky.
So there was a 10 year volcanic winter triggered by the eruption, could have largely destroyed the food sources of humans and caused severe reduction in population sizes.
These environmental changes may have generated population bottlenecks in many species including hominids.
This in turn may have accelerated differentiation from within the smaller human population, therefore the genetic [1:22:00] differences among modern humans may represent changes within the last 70,000 years rather than the gradual differentiation over hundreds of thousands of years.
Wow.
Imagine if they're like only the dummies lived, we had a star from scratch, no wheel, no nothing.
No flint tools, just morons.
Just the dumbest of fucking humans.
Statistically that's what will happen.
Yeah, well that's probably, that's probably what does happen to human populations.
There's probably some sort of a collapse and then a rebuild, but not everywhere.
I think there's always going to be a part that gets spared except it's super volcano that seems that an asteroid impacts.
Those are biggies.
Yeah.
That's start from scratch and roaches rule.
Right, you know, then you're fucked.
Yeah, which is also on the table.
That's on the menu.
Roaches?
No, asteroids.
Oh, roaches too.
Yeah.
Have you ever eaten a cicada?
No, I've had grasshoppers and cave crickets.
[1:23:02] Callahan was given out recipes for some of the kids.
And how to cook them.
Yeah, he was telling you how to bake them, you know his podcast?
Yeah.
He was a cows corner.
Yeah, it is.
A cows monthly cows weekend review.
Review, yeah, yeah.
So he was telling you how to cook them, bake them in like an oven.
He set the temperature for like, whatever it is, 250 degrees, whatever.
Then you like make a flour out of it?
You like put teriyaki sauce on, season them, and you eat them.
Okay.
Well, apparently, just get better at elk hunting, I guess.
But if you have so many cicadas, don't you wanna try them?
I guess.
There's places that have these extreme, this year, right, or having extreme blooms, right?
We have where I live, big Mormon crickets that come through and they just travel through their wild.
Wow.
They make the road all slippery, they'll put out it's like ice on the road, cars go off the road.
Really?
Yeah, so they get squashed, but they start to eat the dead ones.
So they pile onto the dead ones and they create these like [1:24:01] sludge.
Yeah, and then they get thicker and thicker, and it's just completely slick, like the roads get like ice.
Do they plow?
I don't know, I don't think the plowing would work.
Whoa.
Yeah, that's real.
I guess they do plow, apparently.
They plow them on an Idaho highway.
Wow, that's crazy.
Can you show a video of that?
There's a, look, those are all crickets.
Oh, yeah, dude that's insane.
They're disgusting because they'll go that's insane So they just smashed them and then they scoop it them off look how they scoop it them off to the side.
Oh my god Yeah, it's just like snow.
I had this I was hunting last year and there is just a bunch of them everywhere There's this old water trough that had And there was just a bunch of them everywhere.
And there's this old water trough that had, you know, I guess, you know, like a cattle water trough out in the band.
And somehow some got in there must have died.
And then the other ones keep piling in.
It was like probably, I don't know, a foot or two deep of just dead crickets with crickets just piling into it.
And the smell was so bad.
[1:25:01] You'll never forget that smell.
They're just, they're gnarly.
But.
That's the thing that people keep saying, people just don't have to start eating his crickets.
Yeah, they, uh, Cricket Pro-T.
There was a small town in, like, rural Nevada that had the crickets come in.
So they just decided, I don't know.
They put a bunch of speakers down who blast like hard rock music and apparently kept the crickets away from the town.
That makes sense.
The noise.
Yeah.
It's a long way.
Yeah.
There was a certain band that they figured, stop the cricket.
It's not what the band is.
It's like, what the band is.
It was Metallica.
It was like, don't do, don't do, don't do.
Down, down, down, down, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, That is nuts.
Yeah, I think they also call them maybe potato crickets or something like that as well.
[1:26:05] Wow.
But yeah, they're pretty wild.
And this one's a year thing or one's a year.
And then it like, there'll be like a big hatch.
I think maybe because of the winter last year, who's just all millions of them.
Wow.
Let's up one in the rolling.
Let's up one in the rolling.
Yeah, that's the one that worked wow downtown Tuck, tuck, tuck, tuck, tuck, tuck, tuck, tuck, tuck, tuck, tuck, tuck, tuck, tuck, tuck, tuck, tuck, tuck, tuck, tuck, tuck, tuck, tuck, tuck, tuck, tuck, tuck, tuck, tuck, t and you step on them and they create these piles of just eating each other, eating each other, eating each other.
Bro, this is bananas.
How do you stay there?
I guess you're sleeping on the ground.
Oh, camping.
Oh my God.
Have you had that happen?
Yeah.
[1:27:01] It's not fun.
How'd you sleep?
did they get in your In your mind now I zipped it up bro.
What does that sound like where you're sleeping?
Yeah?
I was hoping it was gonna play cricket sounds.
What does it sound like when you're sleeping?
Just crickets crawling.
I mean it's not just constant crawling.
Yeah, or you feel then they kind of like hop you hear like the Dunks of them hitting and then they kind of like hop.
You hear like the dunks of them hitting.
They think, oh bro.
Yeah.
Oh, you got to wipe the guts off your boots.
Look at that.
Oh.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's not all the time, but it is like generally late summer.
I know we've covered this before, but what exactly happens to grasshoppers that they become locus?
There's something that has to do with the population, the numbers and the time of year, where grasshopper becomes locusts, and they just fill the air and fucking destroy everything, destroy everybody's crops, everything.
People starve to death because of locusts and festations.
[1:28:02] Well, I think even something like that, you see the plants, they just come, they'll be on the plants and just, it's like a tree covered in the bugs and they're just constantly eating it, eating it, eating it, eating it.
And then I guess they lay the eggs under the ground and then die and then they emerge again.
It's wild.
If you lived in like the 1800s and you're like barely getting by growing corn, then those guys come by.
It's a bad day.
People died, bad.
I mean, wasn't that like a biblical threat?
Like a curse?
The curse you with locusts?
Yeah.
Wasn't that like a thing that people would do back in the day?
Like a play, a play, a locus.
Yeah.
Just come and eat all your food.
What causes grasshoppers to become locus?
I'm looking at it so all locus are grasshoppers.
All grasshoppers are locus.
There's three different kinds specifically that turn into that Big difference you know grasshoppers are solitary locus swarm, but I'm not seeing what What causes it?
[1:29:01] There was the thing that I had read was that it was a particular type of grasshopper when there's a certain population density It causes some morphogenic change in the animal and then they just move together Yeah, because it is weird like those those Mormon crickets they do that where they they move in a certain direction And they're all moving together.
It's really weird bizarre The change when they're crowded or isolated.
Yeah, there's something about the amount of them.
Like they get a bunch of them together.
It's like a gang mentality.
You know, like when you have riots and people storm on the streets and it's like a mob mentality.
They just keep going and adding.
I guess that happens with them too, but they have changes in their actual physiology.
There's a video funny here, but I...
Yeah.
The strange thing that turns grasshoppers into locusts that's on YouTube, bizarre beasts, that felt looks like you know what I was talking about.
Yeah.
But that's a, it's weird when animals can change.
[1:30:01] Like it's, for some reason bugs, I can kind of deal with it.
You know, but like pigs, the wild pig thing is one of the craziest things of all time, that if you let a domestic pig loose, they're snout lengthens, they're fur grows, and they start growing these tusks.
Yeah.
And it happens pretty quick.
Yeah.
Yeah, they just go feral and they, it's the way that they can survive better because they aren't getting fed all the time So there's there's physiological changes because they have to root around they have to you know But there's no other animal if you let a dog go It dogs just gonna be a dog like we tried to figure that out yesterday We're joking around like how long would it take before a dog becomes a wolf?
Yeah, I don't know you know Yeah, like if you mean I mean Turned wolves into dogs how How many generations of wild dogs would take for a wolf emerged?
I don't know.
I have seen a pack of wild dogs in an area where there are wolves.
And those wild dogs, like they get pretty vicious and pretty efficient, pretty fast.
Oh, I'm sure.
But then they probably would, yeah, they could probably crossbreed with the wolves.
[1:31:01] I don't know.
Oh, they definitely could.
There's a lot of wolf hybrids.
Yeah.
Like people buy wolf hybrids all the time.
Yeah.
That's what I wonder though if they would actually survive, you know, the kind of the challenge to breed, but if the pack of feral dogs is large enough, they could probably.
I wonder if it's a cycle that just would happen automatically if given enough time.
Like if you could reproduce the cycle of turning a wolf into a dog.
If you just let the dogs out and there would be no more dogs and just be all wolves and then civilization reemerges and we turn wolves into dogs again.
Yeah.
I wonder.
Yeah.
Maybe.
I mean, you can't.
But if you take a wild pig and you put it in a pen, that fuckers wild forever.
Yeah.
Like you have a wild boar.
It's not going to, like, it's, now it's not going to shrink, right?
No.
It's not going to turn pink again.
And look cute.
Yeah.
Okay.
In the early colonial times, that's why they would clip their ears in certain patterns.
It would cause it, and that's where the word earmark came from.
Whoa.
So, because they would live basically feral existence, but they were still, we'd recognize [1:32:08] as domestic swine.
The practice of free-ranging pigs may still exist in some areas, but I think it largely died out during the 20th century.
However, as a result, just about every part of North America can support feral pigs has them.
However, in California, a landowner in the 1920s imported European wild boar for hunting.
I think that landover was William Randolph Hearst.
I'm pretty sure.
Yeah, that cocksucker.
That's the reason why weed illegal to this day, that piece of shit.
These animals hybridized with feral pigs, producing the offspring with some of the appearance and characteristics of wild boar.
That genetic line has been spreading for 95 years or so, and it's been quite successful.
Yeah, there's so many of them in California, man.
It's nuts.
They have them in San Jose, like in people's yards, like they're like people in suburbs, like they'll wake up and there's fucking wild pigs just knocking over, dogs, dogs, dogs, dogs, dogs, dogs, dogs, dogs.
who are rooting in their garbage, rooting in their garden, tearing their lawns apart, destroying their, they could destroy giant chunks [1:33:07] of like turf, like golf course turf.
They just go right through it.
And just root it up and go in for worms and other stuff.
Yeah, they smell what's underneath the grass and go for it.
Like if you, if you were just living wild, and you know, if the world goes to shit, they're the best animal to have around because you are insured Yeah, it's gonna be a high population if you don't have very serious.
Yeah, those predators There's like feral goats goats multiply super fast They're getting like really harsh environments.
That's probably like freedom people brought them to Hawaii, right?
Yeah, yeah, Hawaii.
I mean New Zealand like a lot of places and they just Flourish because they can go and everything from jungles to deserts.
Do you smoke scars?
I know, but go.
Sure.
When people do bring animals into a place like we were talking about Adam Greentree today and he lives in Australia where they kill cats because they have so many wild cats that [1:34:03] wild cats have killed everything.
Wild.
Domestic cats, right?
They're regular cats kill all the ground-nesting birds they've just decimated populations yeah it's fuck everything so they hunt them over there so if you get a you ever seen an Australian hunting magazine oh yeah it's like they got a guy with a cat on the dead cat is big tap I got a nice cat might like whoa yeah you know it's just every time humans bring an animal into an area, almost definitely, especially if it's a predator, they're gonna fuck everything up.
Yeah.
And most of the time they bring it into control, probably the rats and the mice.
And it's like, well, nobody's gonna, they're elusive.
They're gonna definitely kill the ground nesting birds that are way easier to hunt and kill.
Yeah, they don't know their job.
No.
It's so funny that people didn't know.
I mean, I guess they just didn't know.
They probably had shitty books.
Yeah, they did all this stuff in the 18, like New Zealand.
When did they start doing that?
Oh, bringing animals over.
[1:35:00] Yeah.
What year was that?
Yeah, the 18 something.
Yeah, long time ago.
This lets bring animals over.
No predators.
Yeah.
Look who go wrong.
Right.
And they just exploiting populations.
But it really shows you too, like when there's predators on the landscape, they definitely take a toll on the prey species.
Oh, for sure.
For sure.
Like with reintroduction of wolves.
Yeah.
You them everywhere.
They talk about being grizzly bears to the Cascades.
I saw that.
So you guys not know what a grizzly bear is?
Or should you go speak to them, but your experience on Fog Natchy one.
I tell you, like the thing about grizzly bears is people, it's generally people that don't live in those areas making the decisions for many people that live there.
But when they, the actual number of people that get attacked and killed might be insignificant in the whole population, but in those areas, it's pretty significant.
Yeah.
And it'd be like, what if we released, I don't know, Kodiak Brown Bears, well, there was Brown Bears in California and it's on their flag, right?
Like coastal, large, giant brown bears.
I mean, a couple of those running through San Francisco [1:36:08] and clean up the street pretty quick.
Oh yeah.
You got a homeless problem?
I got a solution.
Yeah, there you go.
Pretty well.
Let's reintroduce.
We're a bunch of colonizers.
We stole this land from bears.
Right.
Bring them back.
There's an amazing bearers back.
I miss them.
Yeah, and you look at like the whole of Canada where there's nobody living.
And there's a lot of brown bears, grizzly bears, all the way through Alaska into the Arctic.
There's a lot of those bears around in places where there aren't people.
Right, but the problem with Canada is the population centers like Vancouver don't have bears.
Right, and so they're the ones who vote.
And so they voted to make bear hunting, at least brown bear hunting illegal in BC.
And the guy just got jacked yesterday by brown bear in BC.
Yeah, it becomes more and more popular because we have more people in their territory and then we're gonna expand their range.
[1:37:01] But there's a reason that we, I mean, I love large bears.
Like it's awesome to see them.
It's an incredible experience, but there's certain places where they can be and there's certain places where they probably shouldn't be.
There's a reason that we got rid of them in a lot of places because like, they kill and eat people.
Yeah.
Imagine if it's like, I mean, percentage wise, I don't know.
The amount of people to get attacked and killed by bears is going up for sure and It's might be a small percentage, but okay in the if you took it Per capita people that are in their turf, right?
Say I don't even know if it's a point zero zero one percent.
Well, that be of New York City Right, and if you had some monster that came and killed a thousand people a year You'd be like let's get rid of this fucking monster.
Which is what they did.
Right, yeah.
That's what they did.
I mean, Lebec, California, is named for the place where the last person in California was killed by a grizzly bear.
Yeah, that's wild.
Yeah, this guy got a fucking, and then they said, hey, let's kill them all.
And then we're like, let's bring them back.
I miss the monsters.
Yeah.
[1:38:06] Which I mean, there are places where it's like, it's awesome to see them and they're there and we should have them there.
Yeah.
But I don't think that we should have them everywhere.
Because I, and especially with like our populations now, they don't realize what they're doing in those places.
Do you know people are releasing wolves in California?
Like sketchy people, like sketchy people like sketchy activists releasing was uh...
yeah there was one outside of bakersfield we we played a video of it on this podcast um...
my friend uh...
who lives up there found it he saw this they he filmed this he was driving on the highway and they're like I think that's a fucking wolf and they pulled over and they zoomed in on this wolf hold on a second, I'll find it.
Yeah, I've heard of people.
I guess they, I mean, there's collared wolves yelling from a organ in other places.
Right.
But this is not that.
This is just like releasing wolves in Southern California.
Yeah.
So I'm dipshit, thought it would be cute to let a wolf go.
And so I'll find it.
I've got the video in here.
If you just give me a second.
Yeah.
[1:39:12] I know he sent it to me.
So I was hanging out with him and I was like, well, how big was it?
And he sent me this video.
I was like, yo, that's a wolf wolf.
And this thing was like five miles from an inn and out.
Was it like a wild wolf or was it just like a wolf dog that they turned to loose no it's a wolf it's a wild wolf yeah goddammit I can't find it I know he sent it to me he might have got a new phone number I might have his old phone number in my book and not have that image saved in our little text message exchange you probably didn't have a knife.
You probably had it.
And so you don't get the bubble saving.
Yeah.
Um, yeah.
All right.
I give up.
I got it.
I know we played it on a podcast before, but it is a bizarre video because you'll you watch the video.
You're like, wow, that's a big wolf.
And it's running near this cow.
And then someone [1:40:01] comes along and chases it away and it runs off, but it's wolf.
And then we showed a video yesterday of El Serito's California where a wolf's just running down the street, like a big ass wolf.
That was apparently a year ago that was on TikTok.
Last year.
You can find that again.
I found the video of us playing it before, hold on.
Oh, beautiful.
Let me find a better version of this.
Last year I was in New Mexico and they have, it was a Mexican wolf.
They're different than like the gray wolves or the further north wolves, bigger than a smaller than a timber wolf.
They look kind of like a shaggy wolf.
They're like, yeah, they're a lot smaller.
They're like a large coyote, but we saw a lot of them.
Really?
Yeah, we saw a pack of them in the same day that we saw.
There's like four to six of them, a friend of mine, I was with Kip and they saw some six others somewhere else.
So they were like, they say the population is not that large, but this is a substantial portion of the population that they say they are.
And then it came.
[1:41:00] How much of a survey they did?
And it came, we heard, which would be completely different ones than the ones that we were seeing because I was like 30 miles away from where I was.
And you heard them?
Yeah.
So you're like, there's a lot of them in here.
I think their populations grow a lot faster than they say.
They keep a track of them.
Yeah.
I mean, how much money they're spending in Mexico to give a good audit of the whole population?
Yeah.
And this is a new Mexico, which like, yeah, ignore their new Mexico.
Oh, no, Southern New Mexico, sorry.
And so they're coming from Mexico?
No, they were, they were really, they're just called the Mexican wolf.
It's like a separate species of wolf.
Oh, it's not a red wolf?
No, red wolf's also a separate species.
So I think the red wolf's the one that's a lot more rare But the Mexican wolf is the one that they have in New Mexico.
How big is the Mexican wall like 50 pounds?
Yeah, we like yeah, probably something like that.
That's I think that is a wolf wolf again.
Yeah, so this is my friend dammit.
It just did this thing again.
Oh, I found out what happened on why this is [1:42:02] Something's wrong with the mac computers and playing video Apparently I have to update my computer.
But just that's okay.
Just look at that look at that image That is a wolf wolf.
Yeah, and that thing was outside of Bakersfield, bro.
That's crazy Bakersfield you know the in and out that's down on the 10.
Yeah, or the five is that with the five?
What would I was five?
Yeah, the five that's a couple miles away from that Wild what the fuck?
Out of the field and they saw driving and he's like hold on.
What is that a fucking wolf?
Yes, so like that's pretty good video.
There's people that run some of these wolf I don't know what you're gonna call them.
Yeah places these these wolf.
These wolf organizations that there's stated goal is to reintroduce wolves so that we will no longer need to hunt.
Because the wolves will take care of the wild animals.
They'll keep the population in check.
Totally not taking into account pets, kids, little red riding hood.
[1:43:00] All that shit.
The reason why we were scared of wolves in the first place, I think the wolves are just going to stick to deer.
Yeah.
No, they're gonna take out hikers, bird watchers, good luck.
Whatever.
But also too, I mean, when you think about wolves being across the United States, we had a giant grape plains full of bison, millions of bison.
Like they had a lot more food sources and a lot more availability to preferred food sources.
It's a different world.
We don't have that.
Yeah.
And to bring them into this world now is just so goofy.
Yeah.
I can't imagine how they got away with it in Colorado.
Like, didn't all those ranchers are going to get fucked.
Yeah.
They're going to get fucked.
Well, I mean, I don't know much of speculation, but I pretty sure this is a fact that they took wolves that were depredating like cattle and then release them in Colorado and guess what they're doing?
Killing cattle.
Weird.
Did you see they found one dead and was killed by a mountain lion?
Really?
Yeah, so this was kind of an interesting thing.
Well, in my area in Montana, they did a huge study on wolves because everyone's like [1:44:03] the wolves are killing all the elk, which is sort of true because the elk mortality's went up.
But what they found is the mountain lines were actually killing more elk and the wolves were pushing off.
They were still out in the ice.
So yeah, the mountain line did have actually witnessed wolves pushing a mountain line off a kill.
So the the mountain lines are just a mountain line is actually probably one of the most efficient predators out there, more efficient than a wolf I would say.
And so the mount lines can kill kill kill pretty much whenever they want.
They're just so good at it.
So mount line would kill they start to eat the wolves would come in run them off claim the kill.
And then what's that makes mount line do kill again.
So they're just using these mount lines to do their killing for him.
Right.
So they run off the mount line.
So my speculation is they, it's been proven that this colored one that they just released in Colorado is killed by a mount line.
And it's like that mount line just didn't want to take shit from these wolves.
Like, haven't seen you, you aren't taking my kill, killed the wolf.
Right.
Not only that, but they have a small number because they only released a handful of them.
So he might have been on his own.
[1:45:05] Yeah, who knows?
He got a little cocky with the amount of money.
Oh, chase you off.
Yeah, mountains are fairly timid when they run.
They just, they go off, they get up in a tree, and okay, and then they'll go kill again.
But in this particular instance, the mountain line just killed the wolf.
Yeah, one of them enough.
Great one of these.
Great one of these.
Great one of these.
Great one of these.
Great one of these.
Great one of these.
Great one of these.
Great one of these.
Great one of these.
Great one of these.
Great one of these.
Great one of these.
Great one of these.
Great one of these.
Great one of these.
Great one of these.
Great one of these.
they haven't been in that place in a long fucking time.
Yeah, 100 years.
In the world, so much different now.
Like, you can't just go back to the way things were because it just isn't possible.
I mean, there's a lot of invasive plants that have taken over forage for undilence.
And there's a lot of just so much that's changed road systems that never carved there.
[1:46:03] That, I mean, wolves can travel a lot faster on roads and cover more country and be more efficient at killing.
So yeah and then there's gonna be massive resistance to reducing their population which there is already right and it's just it's a mess you opened up a crazy can of worms because you don't understand wolves.
The thing is it's like these people that want to make these decisions to reintroduce these things they're essentially activists they have this idea in their, this utopian view of nature being played out, but they're not taking into account what these things actually are.
You just have this beautiful idealized version of what a wolf or a grizzly bear is.
You're releasing predators.
Yeah.
And actually the other thing too is like Colorado.
The wolves that they released there were not the type of wolves that were in Colorado as more of a prairie wolf, which is more similar to that Mexican wolf, which is a lot smaller wolf than the ones from Wayfar North.
The ones that are north as you go further north species get larger.
Yeah.
And it's like they're taking these that weren't even in that landscape ever and kind of filling a gap with them.
[1:47:06] Well, that's what they did in Montana.
They took them from Canada.
Yeah.
And so these Alberta wolves, these fucking giant beasts.
So a wolf, which they, you know, they need more food.
They're more efficient at killing certain species.
Like our moose populations just suffered.
You want to protect something, maybe you protect the moose because there's plenty of wolves in North America.
There's not that many shyness moose, which is really hurting in areas where they've reintroduced wolves because they just weren't used to that kind of, you know, that kind of predator that time of year.
Also, they don't have packs of moose.
Right.
No, very solitary.
They drop a calf.
Now the cow moose.
Right.
No, very solitary.
They drop a calf.
Now the cow moose will protect that calf, but she can.
She can, yeah, it's not.
Well, that's the reason why cow moose are so dangerous to be around.
It's because of wolves.
Cause like a deer is not gonna really stop people.
Yeah, it's very rare that a deer goes after people.
[1:48:01] Moose will come for you.
They will run at you.
Especially if you got like a dog or something, cause that triggers that.
People on the, running that I did a rod, you know, have to like kill a moose to protect themselves and the dogs, cause they'll come to you.
Sure.
Yeah, this year, a guy, I think the guy that won it, had to kill a moose.
He got time penalized because he didn't get the moose well enough but still one I guess he got time Penalized because he didn't got the moose well enough Yeah, so if you have to like protect yourself in the life of death situation like whether it's a bear a moose Doesn't matter you still have to follow all the laws and that laws like you have to salvage things So you didn't got it very well, I guess like it was probably in a hurry.
Just got it.
Did it real fast?
And he overcame killing a moose and receiving a time penalty.
Do you imagine a fucking game you're in where there's a time penalty when you kill a moose?
Yeah.
He's like a moose that's trying to kill you and your dogs.
Wow.
It's a pretty wild deal actually.
[1:49:01] That is insane.
So you have to gut it, but do you have to salvage the meat?
No, I think that they can leave, so for this race, they can leave the meat there, but they have to, I don't know whether they market with a GPS or something, so then somebody does come in and salvage the meat, yes.
Wow.
As dog follow was injured before a CV shot and killed the moose with a handgun.
Race rules require any big game animal killed in defensive life or proper to be gutted before the musher moves on.
He told officials he gutted the moose the best he could, however, he was ultimately giving a two hour penalty because he only spent 10 minutes gutting the moose.
Well, I mean, what is his best as he can?
Like, what does that mean?
I don't know.
Either you got a moose or you don't got a moose.
Right, so maybe he just opened it up.
I have no choice.
He might have just like opened the gut.
I'm trying to get it and like, okay, I'm getting, but imagine not being prepared for that.
Like, we covered in blood when it's 50 below or shit out.
I don't know.
He's sawing at it with a bullshit dull knife, [1:50:07] trying to cut open this moose, and then trying to cut all the organs out.
That same bullshit dull knife, you don't have a knife sharpener.
Yeah, I don't know.
Yeah, I don't know the circumstances, but yeah, I can imagine it being a shit show.
Like I could see a moose being so, like you tell me, it moves is so big.
You might have to sharpen your knife if you're dressing a moose.
Yeah, or you might have, like as you're cutting it, you might have to re-sharp in your knife, right?
Yeah, definitely.
Yeah, I mean, especially if you're skinning it and all that, depends on how sharp type of knife you have and all that.
But he probably just had like a, my guess is like a small knife that, you You know you used to be bullshit.
How long?
Yeah, I've had a little fucking timey razor blade knife.
I don't know.
Fuck.
That's crazy.
A two hour time limit.
That seems rude.
Yeah.
Still one though.
That's pretty good.
It is pretty good.
But what a crazy game you're playing.
Yeah.
Where there's time penalties built in for not getting a move.
Not getting a move.
Right.
I know you went to Greenland too.
[1:51:05] I saw those videos.
Was that one you were still hunting with a mouth tag?
There was, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
So I think it was a mouth tag.
Greenland looks amazing.
Yeah, the place is wild.
I didn't realize like that.
You see that, you know, you see pictures of it.
It's all ice.
Well, around the ocean, certain times of year, it's pretty green because it's not winter yet, but that ice sheet is massive.
It looks like this giant mountain.
I mean, it climbs some elevation.
You don't really realize that you kind of think it's all just like, yeah, just massive ice sheet.
Wow, it's pretty wild.
Do people walk on those?
Like you have to be careful.
You don't fall through.
Yeah, they do.
While we were there, we'd run into people that were doing expeditions and other things.
That was when we were in the Arctic.
Some people were doing like a town-to-town expedition just on skis and they left and I'm like looking at it.
Like man, they don't look like they had enough gear for their expedition.
And when we came back in, one of the people was getting care-flighted out [1:52:00] because they got frostbite and lost a finger.
You imagine like six, seven days into a 30 day trek and you already won finger down.
Would they not gear it up with like insulated outerwear?
I don't know, yeah, must've.
Just not or not paying attention.
Like you get worked up, right?
You're working real hard, your body's hot, take your gloves off and you don't feel cold and then probably realize like, okay, it just happens so fast, like uncoupled hands.
Now when you were in the Arctic Circle, like what is the temperature where you're at?
Oh, it was like a warm spell when we got there.
It was pretty warm, it was like 20 below.
But like, I talked to some guys that were there the week before, it was like 60 below.
And what country is that officially?
Canada.
Canada.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And so 60, what's a really rough day up there?
I would think in that 60 below with windshield factor kind of thing.
Heavy winds, like the breeze, you get a little bit of breeze and that temperature changes fast, real fast.
[1:53:04] When it's calm you go,, this isn't that bad.
And then when that wind starts to blow, it just drops.
It is so cold.
And you're bow hunting.
Yeah.
Which is so crazy.
Yeah.
To be bow hunting in a place where nothing stops the wind.
Yeah.
But when it's really windy, I think we went out and we didn't have bad winds.
So when it does come up, it's kind of one of those things just stops everything really.
Cause you can't see where you're going.
You can't really navigate well.
So you just kind of hang out and wait for the win to die down.
Wow.
How close were you when you made a shot?
Oh, really close, like 25, 30 yards.
Was it windy then?
No, it was slightly when he wasn't bad.
Now, Muscox have these crazy coats.
Yeah.
How thick is that stuff?
There's a Muscox.
Wow, look how awesome that thing is.
That looks right at a Star Wars.
It does, doesn't it?
Look at those horns.
Pretty crazy.
That's nuts.
[1:54:01] Yeah.
But they have Greenland, that whole area, that whole Arctic region, it's pretty cool.
What did you do with the cape?
I skinned it out and brought it back.
It's so warm.
Are you going to use it as a blanket or something?
I don't know, maybe.
It seems like it'll be the dopeest blanket of all time.
You know?
Yeah, just like line your, I don't know, put it on your bed as a mattress thing or something.
Yeah.
Definitely.
Yeah.
People come over your house looking at how the beds spread, so I got that on top of the world.
Yeah.
Pretty wild.
Literally on top of the world.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What is so Greenland, not that harsh?
Not that harsh.
No, it was not.
Well, it was different times of year because I think what time are you there?
I was there in September so it was the end of it was the beginning of Kind of that winter season.
It looked or I might have even been August.
It was probably August.
It looked tolerable Yeah, I mean summertime that's like anywhere like a lot in his far north in Alaska the Arctic summer is amazing Some light 24 hours a day.
It's pretty mild temperatures [1:55:03] There's a lot of bugs, but a lot of bugs.
Mosquitoes and they go hard too.
Yeah, the last mosquitoes.
No, they don't have much time.
They just go for it, but like good summer fishing, waters open, all that kind of stuff.
And then it just turns to ice.
And it's like winter time through this March, April, May, that whole time frame still winter and then it gets back into summer.
And so when you're trying to locate caribou, do you go to these corridors where caribou naturally sort of gravitate towards?
Do you know where they're going to be going?
No, I mean, it depends where you're at.
There we were able to travel by boat and we could look for them from the boat and go up and hike like in places at Alaska.
There's places where they kind of live in the mountains.
And when it's that, they kind of have just certain areas and they move around in the mountains, but they might not migrate like big like other herds do.
And then there's migration herds and they they do migrate and they travel and then it's weird because they [1:56:08] Not weird, but they tend to travel into the wind so whichever direction the winds going that kind of Chooses the direction that the caribou start to move.
Hmm.
So they have an area of threats.
Yeah, for example.
Yeah And so when you were there you were there with that dude Pedro how do you say last name to pureo and puerro and puerro?
Yeah, that dude's cool.
Yeah, he's a great guy.
It's got a great YouTube channel Yeah, his YouTube channel all his different adventures are amazing.
Yep.
Yeah, he's a great bow hunter awesome guy Funny I was I watched one recently where I was like what he went Elconting in Mongolia Yeah, I was like what yeah, that's I elk in Mongolia.
Yep.
I was like, what?
Yeah, that's alty.
Alcan Mongolia?
Yeah.
And like I thought of Mongolia as being like these steps, like the flat plains.
Oh no, there's mountains and.
Yeah.
Crazy.
I mean, it was like, you might as well be in Utah.
Yeah, there's all, yeah, Mongolia as well.
[1:57:00] Kazakhstan as well.
Hunting out of a year.
It's really crazy.
Yeah.
Very, very cool.
That is a place that I would like to go Mongolia just to see it looks awesome.
Pedro and Puerro hunting adventures is the YouTube channel and I mean he does an amazing job of Just like really good editing.
It makes it interesting.
They're like documentary style videos of all these different places He goes with this guy.
That guy goes all over the world.
Yeah, he does.
Some cool places.
Very cool places.
It's just, it's so interesting to see someone, and also when he's there, they're like, why do you have a bow?
Yeah, just, Alex right there, he's a rifle.
The fuck you do?
Yeah, a lot of places in Asia don't understand bow hunting.
It's more like, they don't see it probably very often.
Well, they want meat.
Yeah, right?
It's like, it's just the best way to get meat is a rifle.
What are you retarded?
Like that's these 200 yards away.
Why sneak up?
Yeah, just be down right here.
Let's fuck you, get this over with.
But to be honest, a lot of the guns that they have over there, not very accurate.
Are you allowed to bring your own rifle?
Yeah, you are.
[1:58:05] In a lot of places.
It's a major pain though.
Oh, is it really?
Yeah, a lot of paperwork.
Yeah, a lot of paperwork.
A lot of check-ins, a lot of military stops.
Mm.
A lot of, yes, like not a fun experience.
So for the most part, when you go to a hunt like that, you would let them provide the rifle.
Some people would, yeah, I don't know if I would.
So yeah, could you bring your own sights?
Could you like bring over a four-text sight and...
AKs.
Are they shot?
Are they AKs over there?
They're really clasped across.
Yeah, they just like left over.
So they left over for the Taliban?
Exactly.
That's crazy what it is that's how many times you hunted in Asia only I've only been over there once what was it for?
She Which kind of sheep in Marco Polo?
She those are cool.
Yeah, yeah, I was in Kyrgyzstan.
Whoa Yeah, what was that like it was pretty wild man.
How long did you get there?
Oh?
[1:59:00] I don't know since the day of flying and then a lot of driving, like a lot of driving.
I don't know, maybe 14 hours and a 15 to 20 hours in a car, I don't know, something like that.
And so how does one set up a hunt like that?
You want to go hunt for Marco Polo sheep?
How would you even start?
Yeah, it was like one of the things like knowing somebody that has a connection with somebody that has has like a they have like gamekeepers of the area and then you get a permit from them and then They go with you that like the game warrants come with you.
It's a whole deal and like these people have the area It's their job to manage that area and so that's kind of how that works.
Oh, wow And do you have to grease everybody up like you have to pay everybody?
No, well, I mean they you pay for the tags and the permits and everything.
Okay.
And then you don't have to pay all those extra people.
No, that's all part of the deal.
Oh, interesting.
And so when you're doing this, so you horseback through the mountains?
Yeah, horseback.
Pretty high elevation.
I don't even know what the valley floor to be.
maybe 12,000 feet, something like that.
Wow, that's the Valley Floor.
Yeah, 10, 12,000 feet, something like that.
[2:00:07] Pretty high up.
Where Rira was on the China border, so it was pretty like pretty big mountains.
And yeah, horses, they use these real small horses there.
Incredible horses, like very good horses, but you're going on trails that are super sketchy.
Like, I wouldn't want to walk on them and you're taking a horse on.
A lot of it.
We did in the dark.
It was pretty...
Whoa.
Yeah.
It was like going back through some of that in the daylight.
We were a little uncomfortable knowing what you were doing.
No, he went through it at night.
Yeah, there's...
These guys do this all the time.
Yeah, there's one spot where they took like, they must have brought, like you know, like I just a bar wire fence that was like a metal post.
So they took a metal post and they pounded it in into this like, there's like a cliff and then the trail, well the trail had just wiped out.
And so there's like a metal post [2:01:01] that they somehow pounded in and then just put some stuff on top of it.
And then the horse is backing up like up against the wall and is scooting around and then does a little side hop over it and then goes.
And we did that in the dark with no lights because we couldn't, it was a shit show.
But coming back, looking it's probably 1500 feet straight down.
Like and, oh my God.
The thing where the horse is like, just edging up against the wall, it's pretty wild.
You did this in the dark?
Yeah, it was not.
You had no idea?
No idea.
Well, I knew you could tell it's steeper than shit because it's just like dark and you can kind of see, we can't, you don't really get the grander of what's going on in the night time kind of just hold on for dear life.
Why the fuck are you saddles really?
It's like, well you use like these blanket saddles.
There's like a saddle horn and mostly just a blanket and then stir up with it.
So it's kind of a different setup, not like a western saddle though.
It fairly comfortable horses though.
But yeah, I didn't, I didn't like that.
[2:02:01] It was why.
Why do they do it at night?
It I didn't like that.
It was why.
Why do they do it at night?
It was just a weird experience.
We left at night, I don't know what happened, but we got into camp.
We went to this, you go through all these checkpoints, we got into camp, we're planning on going out the next morning, but then some people came into camp and just started, like our guys and those guys started fighting.
And then, and then it was, yeah, it was a wild deal and so they're like, we gotta get out of here kind of deal.
They started fighting like fist fighting?
Yeah, yeah, just like, and they had a lot of guys.
So a gang fight broke out on your own, yeah, but it seemed weird.
It was like, I don't know what was going on.
And then, so that goes down.
And we're just like standing back, what the hell is going on?
How does the fight end?
So the leader of their crew and our crew go into the house, and then they like have a sit down.
And then we, so then we're like, one of the, [2:03:03] our guys like, let's get out of here.
So we like throw all our shit on the horses, like packs on there and everything.
So that's why we didn't have any lights because we just like threw everything on the horses.
And then it's like, let's just ride.
Okay, so we're getting set up.
And then it was like before we left, the weirdest thing.
I wish I, I wish I had, I tried to like download some translation stuff so I just had no communication with them.
But the weirdest part was like, okay, everybody was good and so we're loading up now everything's cool.
We're all good.
And then they want to take a group picture.
What the hell is this group?
Is this like some proof of life picture?
You know, like what is going on here?
So we take a picture and everything seemed pretty normal.
And then we start writing off the guy that we're with as an AK and then they start fighting for the gun.
And at this point, I'm like, we got to get, we got to get out of here.
And so we just start writing and then we got a gun.
Yeah, they're like wrestling for the gun.
[2:04:03] And then and then he gets on his horse and we all just fried off and was thinking, was thinking we were so fine.
Did you flew all over there?
I didn't know.
You're in the mountain.
Yeah, and he just like, he's fighting over a gun.
Yeah, and their gun safety is abysmal.
Like it was not, I was just worried.
I've watched you two videos.
Yeah, it's, do this guy.
We get this.
So we're driving and it's a long road trip and we're driving and we pull into this guy's town town and he gets a shotgun.
It's this old shotgun.
It's like pretty much duct tape together.
And we're driving, I guess he's like, chuck her across the road.
They look like chuck her to me.
I'm sure that's what they were.
And so he gets out and he's trying to shoot these birds.
This is like, all right, you know, a little bit of camp meat.
So he's trying to shoot these birds and doesn't get any birds.
But he's now thinking that the chucker, or in case we see one, he's ready.
So he's got this double barrel shotgun that's loaded and he puts it in the car and he puts it with a barrel up and is facing toward my head.
[2:05:02] And I'm like, trying to lean out the side.
I'm not okay with this.
So I'm like, hey, stop him.
And I'm like, this is not okay.
You can't have this gun facing me.
And so instead of like unloading the gun or doing whatever, he just leans over and puts his head on his shoulder like this.
That's his gun safety.
And I'm like, no, I get out of the car.
I'm like, no, we're gonna unload it.
And we aren't gonna go like this.
Like take it out, I unload it.
I put the barrel down, like open it up.
I'm like, here you go.
I don't care what you do, but I'm not having a loaded gun in the vehicle or a loaded gun point for me.
Like the thought of it, like his shoulders just gonna protect the shotgun from blowing my Not only that, what if his shoulder gets blown off and he dies, you have to figure out how to get back.
Yeah, no, everything's bad.
Your ears are blown out because you can't hear anything now.
It was just not like, it was just bad.
Fuck dude.
It was wild, I don't know.
Did you know what the fight was over?
Why they got a gang?
Yeah, well, from one of the guys, like it sounded sounded like it's just like kind of tri- I don't even know if trivels are right word, but it's like very, [2:06:08] like these guys wanted that territory, you know, so they were like gunning for that territory.
They were hunting?
Yeah, I guess, or whatever.
They wanted to be the people that take the people.
Oh, boy.
So it was like, oh boy.
Yeah.
It's probably a lot of money in that.
Yeah, I would imagine, yeah.
Yeah.
Because the guy that I was like, what's going on?
He's like, no, no, I'm the big, like in some, he spoke a little, it's hard to understand, but in the gist of it was like, I'm the big boss and they're gunning for me, like they want what I have in a way.
The guiding business.
Yeah.
Wow.
So, so you eventually get free.
Yeah.
Well, yeah, there's a weasers road up and then we did our thing and then went on, went hunting and came back and everything, you know.
And when you came back, everything had been okay.
There's no, there was nobody there.
But like the big boss was with us now.
So I don't [2:07:02] know what happened.
Was that the sketchiest hunt you ever went on?
Yeah, absolutely.
That sounds so dangerous.
Yeah.
Because if they start shooting those guys, they're going to shoot you too.
Yeah.
That's going to leave you.
Yeah.
And I don't know.
I think like in that, it made sense.
It didn't make sense.
But what they were, I felt like I didn't necessarily think that we were in danger, but I thought it was like a weird situation because you could tell like they wanted something, but I don't necessarily know if they wanted something from us.
They wanted something from the other people.
Oh.
You know, it's not like cut.
Like, are you talking about the action or something?
Yeah, exactly.
True.
Well, I guess there's probably not a lot of work up there.
No.
You know, when you're guiding hunters, especially the kind of hunters that are willing to do that have some money.
Yeah, because it's a big deal to get out there.
Like Marco Polo, she punts against very hard to do.
I used to watch, was that guy's name Tom Miranda?
Yeah, I used to watch his, that guy's another one.
He was always like in the middle of one fucking weird mountain range [2:08:03] camped up in this yurt with like 10 other people and they're eating bread.
Oh, that was.
Yeah.
You're out there.
There's no backup plan there.
And everything he was doing was bohunting too.
And he had, his show was weird too because it was all about acquiring all, what is it, the big, whatever.
I like, when you're trying to, the bohunting thing, when you're trying to the bow hunting thing when you get yeah the grand slams where you get like every single mammal On earth with a bow Like like they do the Africa like there's the dangerous ones.
Oh, yeah, there's the the the the regular grand slam like all the African continent big animals.
Yeah all the African continent, big animals, yeah, all the stuff.
So we're a thing.
It's like you almost like you're collecting baseball cards now, right?
You know?
Yeah, just, yeah, different places.
I like going different places just for that experience of the hunting culture and it's kind of interesting.
[2:09:01] Like you'll go somewhere and maybe even there, like maybe didn't speak their language or whatever, but when we're on the mountain, it's like he's a hunter, I'm a hunter and we have this certain kind of connection that you just don't get doing other things.
Like it's pretty interesting where you go and it's like these are hunting cultures and they've done this for thousands of years just like we have and we do things similar.
And like we don't even necessarily need to communicate that well, because we both kind of are doing the same thing in the same way.
And it's like, okay, there's this, it's really cool to see.
And then that whole, like, bring the meat back and the campfire cooking and the whole, like, experience, it's not foreign.
Whereas like you're in this crazy place with all these other problems, but the hunting portion of it is very familiar.
You know, and like I really like that.
It's like even going to somewhere else, you go, okay, let's go to a place where it's like, okay, yeah, I can.
Do I need to go hunt a musk ox to feed myself?
Well, the musk ox meat was really good and I'm glad I did it.
I don't have to go to the Arctic to feed myself, right?
But it was really cool to experience it with people [2:10:06] that have lived their whole life and like, have a certain view of it that is actually maybe even different, but that's how they grew up doing it and to see that is just like a really, I don't, I like that portion of it.
So that's why I like to go different places and just see how they do things in different places.
And then there's that adventure element of going somewhere kind of untouched.
Where a lot of people don't go.
There's something kind of exciting about that.
So do you try to plan your year with a certain amount of these wild adventure places that you visit?
Yeah, I think so.
Or if the opportunity comes up, it's more of just, oh yeah, I'll take advantage of an opportunity.
If it's more of just, oh yeah, I'll take advantage of an opportunity if it's given, like, oh, I know this person here that we can do this.
And okay, cool, I'll try that.
Or it doesn't matter whether it's New Zealand or Australia or North America.
You know, well, you were doing a lot of trips to New Zealand, right?
Yeah, well, that's where I came from to get here.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
How often do you there every year?
I just, I made a pretty short trip out of it this year, [2:11:06] but just went over and had some follow-deer and saw some friends and it was a good time.
But what's a short trip for you?
That was only like a week.
Oh, that is a short trip.
Yeah.
I mean, because I used to go over there for three months.
Really?
Yeah.
Yeah, so it's a lot shorter trip That place seems amazing and what a crazy thing that they did where they just reintroduced not reintroduced but introduced all the European Animals to the landscape.
Yeah, they've flourished like they do really well.
There's no predators So there's hunting and then there's like essentially government Coling trapping poisoning Wild what they have to do to maintain the populations.
Just to keep it at a reasonable manageable number.
And that's what happens when there's no predators on the landscape because the population is explode.
Well, Remy, you live a very interesting life, my friend.
Oh, thanks.
You really do.
I always enjoy talking to you.
And I enjoy your podcast too.
[2:12:01] Live wild.
It's a great podcast.
Yeah, Thank you.
It's a few into hunting related podcasts It's a very good one great tips.
Yeah, appreciate it really fun and I'm glad you did it.
Yeah Thank you, and I really hope this works.
I hope that ways too well if anything can help I bet that will I really hope it will I have a lot of faith in it.
It's it's funny because they said it'd be swollen and feel and it's like actually feels better than when I went in really already.
I don't know if it's just like Probably a show me up with some IV bag, dude probably maybe feel pretty good after traveling.
Oh, yeah, they give you an IV back of vitamins Yeah, yeah, that's great.
That was good.
All right, brother Tell everybody your Instagram.
Is it just for me Warren?
Yeah, Remy Warren on YouTube Instagram any kind any kind of social media, R-E-M-I.
Have you ever talked about bringing Apex Predator back?
If somebody wants to, I'm down.
It was a great show.
Yeah, I know.
I enjoyed it.
It was fun.
It was a fun show.
All right, dude.
Well, thank you very much.
Appreciate your brother.
Thanks for coming here.
Bye
================================================================================
Episode Title: #2153 - Dave Smith
Transcript:
Did you see Hochul, what she said, that young black kids don't know what a computer is?
Did you see her say that?
Oh my god and all these dudes did these hilarious videos where these young black guys like got around a computer and they stared at it and beat it until it gets...
There's like a...
It's like an age thing too, because that used to kind of be the line that like liberals would say, you know, the problem with black kids is they just don't have any role models They've never been exposed to this but it's just totally not true anymore and sometimes now because they're from a different generation They'll still say that and you're like are you have you been around black people lately saying young poor black kids Don't know what a computer is is so crazy They've got one in their pocket It's such a dumb Crazy They've got one in their pocket It's such a dumb thing to say It's amazing that you could say something like that and be the governor of a major state Don't even know what the word computer is Oh, they're not even familiar with the term?
They don't know these things Like is she doing a survey man where did you get this data well this is why Malcolm X said that there's nothing more racist than a white liberal yes because it's shit like this well they're weak weak people are dangerous weak people that don't like strength are dangerous they're dangerous because they want to suppress everything.
That's what spook you about it.
Weak people scare the shit out of me, more than even like totalitarians do sometimes, because they eventually become totalitarian.
You know, it's like the bullied become the bullies, you know, they want payback.
But it's just that weak liberal men are to me that they're so detestable, the weak [2:08] ones.
I mean, there's some intelligent, brilliant liberal men that just, that's their philosophy.
And I think if you're not exposed to the pitfalls of liberalism, if you don't see what happens to your state when those policies get enacted specifically when things go south.
If everything was going great, like no one gave a shit who the mayor of Los Angeles was in 2015, because everything was great.
You know, it was like, there was no problem.
So, Obama was president, the economy was doing good, we weren't at war really, kind of we were, but it wasn't affecting us.
Right.
Well, there's something on that topic of like weakness of modern liberals, because I was in late last year, I was in San Diego, and I haven't been to, I mean, I've been to LA a couple of times, but much less than I used to go, like when you were out there, and I haven't been to San Francisco in years.
[3:03] But I was in San Diego, and it's like, you know, you've been there.
It's like a beautiful city downtown and where we were, it's a great comedy club, the American comedy company down there.
No, great club.
Great club, love that place.
And I'm like downtown and we're going at me and my buddy Rob Bernstein, very funny comedian who's with me on the trip.
We're like walking around in the great restaurants, really nice little day, but then there's just blocks that are taken over by these homeless encountments.
And right next to them, it's like all these young professionals and these nice restaurants in this nice city, and I was just thinking about that.
Like how are all of the men here?
So weak that they won't just kind of like put their foot down and be like, hey, no, we're not going to put up with this.
Like we're not just, it's almost like this, like, niceness has taken over to the point that you can't even defend this cool city that you have here.
And I'm not saying like, bash the homeless people with clubs or anything like that.
[4:02] I'm just saying like, why are you allowing this to happen?
And it is like a profound weakness that we'd feel like bad people if we were to say we don't want junkies covered in shit right next to our outdoor dining.
You're like, no, that would just be reasonable.
Well, what they need is a reasonable plan to help these people.
If you really care, if you really care, you gotta do something.
Like you can't just let them exist everywhere.
And then in San Francisco, the most recent, bizarre one, is they're gonna give them alcohol.
They're gonna give money in alcohol.
What is it?
Are they giving them actual booze or are they giving them money to buy booze?
Help me out with this one.
Cause it's just so San Francisco.
San Francisco is amazing.
I lived there in the 70s.
I lived there during the Vietnam War when I was a little kid.
It was incredible.
It was weird.
I'm sure.
It shaped the way I view things.
Because if I had grown up in a very conservative environment [5:04] with my sensibilities, my hard work ethic and my belief that you get very fortunate in life in how you're gifted things, how you get lucky.
Like if you're beautiful, for instance, if you're a beautiful woman or man, what a role the dice.
Good Lord.
Good Lord did you kill it in the fucking genetic lottery?
I mean, you can't do anything about that.
You can't earn that.
You can't go out and get beauty.
You know, but after that, whatever hand you've given, you've been given, a lot of it is on you.
A lot of it is on you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, terrible things happen to be, but yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Violence happens, crime happens, disease happens.
Yes, 100%.
Misfortune happens, 100%.
We're all, anyone listening to this right now is lucky you can hear.
Okay, there's people that can't hear, right?
But put that aside, and there's a factor that we need to take into consideration.
[6:02] That factor is discipline, that factor is hard work, that factor is focus.
And we should cherish that.
And we shouldn't think of it only as negative because it always, people always think it manifests itself in greed and in callous disregard for other people's lives.
That's not necessarily true.
They're not mutually exclusive.
You can have discipline and be a kind person, and be a compassionate person, and be a liberal person.
But so often, liberals in this country, they do not want to take that into consideration.
The discipline is a factor.
Conservatives always value discipline.
They value hard work.
That's why when they want to sell shit to those people, what do they do?
They show a guy on a farm, cracking open a beer.
A guy has just been working his fucking ass off for 10 hours of the crack it up here.
Around here it's all just about hard work and they got to just throw him back a cold one.
You know what I mean?
That's what they're selling you.
[7:01] They're selling you hard work.
They're selling you, they're selling you hard work.
They're not selling you, you know, this poor farmer, you know, who's born into farming life, and it's not equitable or fair, why there's billionaires out there, just make money trading money, and it's bullshit.
And we need to distribute wealth.
And like, no, no, that's not the answer either, stupid.
Like that's not the answer.
But you do need programs to get these people out of homelessness.
And you can't just encourage them to keep doing it.
It's bad for them, it's bad for you, it's bad for the city, it's bad for property values, it's bad for everything.
Yep, I couldn't agree more.
San Francisco gives actual alcohol.
We're not talking rubbing alcohol here, right?
They're talking like, oh, they're so good.
They're so good.
But these are the old hippies.
They're still there.
They're wearing masks right now while they're listening to this screaming.
Longer than oh.
They're all lost.
See, to your point, it's like a, look, it'd be ridiculous if someone just completely dismissed the first part of what you were saying.
[8:00] There are some, things that fortune, luck.
You know, we all didn't get leukemia as little kids and die as a little kid.
And also there are just parts of the world.
Like a lot of what you're saying really applies to like first world advanced countries.
You could be in a country that's just a war torn third world country and you're screwed no matter what you do.
But so it'd be silly to dismiss that but it's also equally ridiculous to dismiss the other aspect to it.
That like, okay, there are every person, every single person who's successful has conquered self-pity.
Because like everybody's had points in their lives where they've just felt really bad for themselves.
We've all had it, we all do it.
It's a part of human nature.
That's right, but it's also poison.
And anybody who's successful has learned how to conquer that and not just sit here and feel bad for yourself and to say, nope, I'm gonna take control of this.
I'm gonna, no matter what happened to me, I'm gonna not focus on that, I'm gonna focus on what I can control.
And the problem is that on either side, if you dismiss one of them, you come to really stupid [9:06] conclusions.
100%.
And it's not lost on me, Irony, of two rich white guys.
One of them smokers cigar talk about this.
I'm climbing my way toward there.
I don't know, by global standards, sure.
Bro, you're fucking killing it.
But global standards, I'm on Elon Musk level.
I mean, I'm poor compared killing it.
But global standards.
I'm on Elon Musk.
I mean that's true I'm poor compared to Elon that is true.
You are broke I'm so broke do you think you have to back it like when you're not there He's like a little bastard.
I got Rogan coming over to the house put away the good China Because oh god the Rogan's are coming this levels of people.
I'm friends now This is a bizarre thing to say, with multiple billionaires.
Yeah.
I know multiple guys that are billionaires, and they're very nice people.
They're very nice, and I can see how it happens.
But you're also friends with the cool billionaires.
Yeah, you know, like you managed to find the cool ones.
Well, Elon's the coolest.
He's my favorite billionaire.
[10:01] That dude's wild.
He's a wild boy.
I will buy Teslas as long as they sell them.
Just to support that dude.
Just to keep Twitter going.
And their dope.
But yeah, just to support him.
You got damn it, you need an Elon Musk in this world.
You need a wild boy.
You need to do a set of $200 billion who donks on people.
How great was watching him realize in real time how stupid Don Lemon is oh my god you could actually see on his face as he's asking the questions and he's like uh well if you lower standards then you're going to get more in competence and Don Lemon's like so you're saying black people aren't competent he's like no it's no and he slowly starts to realize like oh I have 80 IQ points on this guy.
It's not just that.
He said a very important point.
He said that Don Lemon was doing CNN outside of CNN.
And you don't have to do that.
You just, nobody wants that anymore.
I said you can't do that.
It's not gonna work.
It's not gonna work.
But more importantly, you shouldn't do it [11:00] because it's not good for you.
Just be a human.
Don't be this thing, this journalistic probing bullshit thing that's trying to spin a narrative.
Actually, have a conversation with this human.
You will probably agree with a lot of the things he says.
You will understand his perspective even if you disagree.
You could see how an intelligent person would come to this conclusion.
This is how we can talk to each other now.
We don't have to be confined by these five-minute segments where you have producers and executives that are pushing an agenda that's on a network that's run by a bunch of huge fucking corporations that have invested interest in swaying the narrative one way or the other.
You don't have to do that anymore.
That's bad for people.
That's bad for people.
It's bad for humanity.
It's a bad way to distribute information.
It is literal propaganda, whether you think it is or not.
Oh, dude, I mean, I've done like a fair amount of like cable news shows.
And you know, they'll do these things where it's like a panel, [12:01] and they'll be like three people on the panel and the person hosting the show.
And nothing to get like there's some people who I really like who I've been on their shows, but it's like you're trying to talk about the most important topics and everyone gets 20 seconds.
It's so ridiculous.
I want you to imagine a scenario.
Imagine a scenario where COVID breaks out.
And for whatever reason the mainstream media is saying that we should be very careful about experimental drugs and they start these journalists start bringing up all these stories about different drugs where you could see how they chose very specific tests and that some of their tests, some of their studies didn't go well at all and they buried those and they're allowed to do so.
And about how they've killed thousands and thousands of people with these drugs, they knew were bad for them.
And if the journalists were saying this, but the podcasters, we're all going, [13:00] you need to trust the scientists.
Everyone should be vaccinated.
Be vaccinated or you're a fucking playground.
Imagine if the podcasters were calling the unvaccinated playgrounds.
Imagine if the podcasters were encouraging medical misinformation.
But my point is, imagine the backlash right now where there's none coming their way.
There's zero.
It's like everyone forgot about it.
It all went away.
Well, I'm debating Chris Quill.
Oh, I'll be debating Chris Quill in a few days That'll be that'll be fun But we would be we would be in jail.
Does these people that are dropping dead?
All these people with strokes all these people with strokes, all these people with hard text, all these people with the, what was the AstraZeneca thing that I sent you today?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
AstraZeneca, they were saying that 11% of the people had an adverse side effects.
It's like serious, serious side effects.
Yeah, but even as you lay out this scenario, [14:02] doesn't it almost in some way be like, it feels like that makes more sense?
What would make more sense was that comedians, like me and you, would have just been saying the dumb thing and repeating it.
But the person in a suit and tie at CNN, I mean, this dude's a professional newsman, like he knows what's going on.
They would make a very good argument for ending podcasts.
Sure.
They'd be a very good argument for prosecuting people, class action lawsuits, all the people that encourage these podcasters with their limited, you don't even have a medical degree.
And you're on the internet telling people what to do, which is exactly what they did.
They did, even though we were getting everything right, and now most of them will admit that we were right.
Chris Cromon, Patrick Batdave, it's spinning it.
Listen, I don't want to go too hard right now in the christmas kromon patch about david spinning it listen i don't want to go too hard right now because i want to show up uh...
but the fact that the fact that and i will make sure to bring this up to him but the fact that when he what he said and if you listen to it he literally goes as he's explaining that he is on [15:03] uh...
iver mecton he goes now a lot of people are going to say joe rogan is right and and then he has a moment where he pauses realizes he can't even come up with anything and he goes alright joe rogan was right and then goes on to say exactly what you've been saying for years now that let's just the most basic thing that anyone who did five minutes of research could have figured out Which there's no controversy controversy in any of this that Iver Mechden has been given to humans Billions of times that it's a safe drug and that there were some Indications that it might help with COVID and that it's not horse dewormer and that and but the fact that that's not attached To like a profuse apology, be like, hey, I couldn't imagine a scenario where I had like viciously smeared someone for something.
Then realized he was 100% right, and I was 100% wrong.
And when acknowledging that, I wouldn't also go, hey, I'm really sorry about that.
[16:01] Dude, I think there's a cult-like thinking in mainstream media, whether they know they're being influenced by their sponsors or they're not.
But I don't even think they understand how crazy it is.
When I had Sanjay Gupta on, Sanjay Gupta is a very nice man.
I think he's a good man.
I really do.
And he's a surgeon.
I mean, he's very busy.
The guy is constantly working.
And he comes in to give medical information and give this lay things out for CNN.
And I think he thinks he's doing the right thing.
When they asked him to be on the podcast, I don't know what they thought was gonna happen.
I don't think they, I think they thought they were right.
I really do.
I think my guess they were right.
I really do.
I think my, my guess, and this is just a guess, but I have been in that world a little bit, like I worked for CNN for a year and I've done a lot of shows on Fox News and I've met a lot of people, you know, and talked to a lot of people who work at CNN and Fox News.
[17:00] And my, my guess on it is that number one, he had a book.
So they want to sell copies of the book and they know you have the biggest show.
And so they're like, oh, this will be really good.
And then I also think this thing, there's this thing where they all, yeah, they all really do feel like where are the experts?
And they know they're the experts because I mean, I just got off the phone with, you know, the chief of staff of the White House.
And I know that they're very into that kind of like that world where I've talked to everyone with status.
And I think there's hubris involved where they're like, you'll be able to handle whatever a comedian throws at you like you're a medical expert and he's not.
But then you would just ask really basic questions which my favorite was when he goes, so are you going to get the vaccine?
And you were like, well, no, I just had COVID.
I have natural immunity.
And you were like, why should I get the vaccine?
And he had no answer.
And this was at a time when they were rolling out vaccine passports.
And he just, the whole line was just, [18:01] you have to get the vaccine or you're a bad person.
This is a pandemic of the unvaccinated.
And then he just demonstrated on your show that there was this huge category of people, people who have had COVID already, who he had no argument for why they should get the thing.
But not only that, there had already been research.
It showed that natural immunity from previous infection was up to seven times better at preventing new cases of cases.
Which is consistent across viruses.
Like it's always better to have natural immunity.
The vaccine is always trying to simulate natural immunity.
This is what was so fucked.
Look, I'm no scholar.
I'm not a smart guy.
I'm a normal person.
I mean, there's nothing special about my brain.
And I'm seeing all this stuff.
And I'm like, why isn't anybody speaking?
I started to feel like I was going crazy.
Like, am I going crazy for not just letting them shoot me up with this stuff after I got COVID just so I let everybody know I'm on the team?
Right.
Because there's this poll.
There's a fucking societal poll that even me, even me who was like, this is, I know this is ridiculous, [19:06] this is making all the people I've talked to, all the research I've done on previous disease and my research is reading other people's, I don't know what I'm doing, it's a bad word.
She had all the reading that I've done.
Jimmy Dora has a great bit about that.
That's so funny.
I love it.
Don't do your own research.
You used to be called reading.
I love Jimmy Doerr.
I love Jimmy Doerr.
That's a great bet.
I, in my limited looking at this, I was like, something's wrong here.
There's this massive side of push.
People are trapped in like a mind virus of this one particular solution.
And Dr.
Robert Malone laid what that is, like psychologically what happens.
When one thing is offered that seems to be the solution out of this existential crisis, horrible situation that we're in, and anybody who opposes, that opposes getting out [20:00] and you gotta be on that side all in and you gotta believe even in the pharmaceutical drug companies.
And like there's this weird, you know, because we're weird social psychological creatures.
And you know, if you think about like the Milgram experiments and how what people will do if there's a person in a white coat telling them to do it.
And part of like the culture and the thing to it, people don't know.
So the experiment was kind of like, basically they come in and they're like, okay, you're here for some type of scientific experiment.
I forget exactly how they describe it to them, but they're testing, you know, like negative reinforcement within learning or something like that.
And so they have a guy in a white coat and he tells you every time a guy gets an answer wrong or something like this, you're supposed to push the button and it zaps him and they keep pushing the button and the person, you can't see him but they're like behind a wall or something, keeps hollering and pain and it gets worse and worse and worse and for the experiment, I think there were a few people who like refused after a while but the overwhelming majority of people would keep zapping them until they seemingly died [21:07] because they stopped hollering in pain and then they would tell them to do it again and they would just keep doing it because there's like an authority figure here and this guy's got a white coat on and they kind of in these corporate media environments and I don't want to discount, I'm not discounting the conspiracy aspect of this because I also think there are people within these agencies who are straight up like intelligence assets and are no exactly what they're doing.
But I think for the most part, it's like they create this culture of like, well all the wise people who by the way you get to go to a cocktail party with this really like this guy with all this status and he's the leading expert in this and they all say this.
So are you a respectable person or are you like an outcast who doesn't agree with this conventional wisdom and people fall in line with that shit man.
Like it's they fall in line with that.
They really do.
Even people really really should know better.
Yeah, but it's become socially their group too.
[22:02] And then you get influenced by the groups socially.
Well, one of this one of the things I'm really interested to talk to Chris Cuomo about.
And by the way, that's on Patch Bet David's show on the 31st.
But you know, these guys, I'm kind of fascinated by the people in the corporate press as much contempt as I have for them.
Because it's amazing to be working, you're working in this industry, where, okay, before COVID, the corporate media had the lowest approval numbers since they've been keeping track of them.
Like trust and media had evaporated.
It was the war with Donald Trump.
That's really what it was.
It's like social media was all controlled by the left wing media and the left wing media was all in on this war against Donald Trump.
There's a huge part of it.
I mean, I would say the backdrop is the war on terror, the terror wars getting all of that wrong, the financial crisis, not seeing that coming and kind of getting that all around this truck.
Yeah, that's all that stuff, Iraq and Afghanistan being disasters.
[23:03] So that's kind of in the backdrop and then you have the worst financial crisis in 100 years.
So that happened.
But then there's no question, I mean, particularly not just the war with Donald Trump, but particularly the allegation of a conspiracy with Russia that they said every single day all day for three years long.
I mean, if you think about it, it's the big, if true.
It's the biggest news story in the history of the United States of America.
They're claiming that the current sitting president is guilty of treason.
He was installed by a hostile foreign power who overthrew our elections in order to install him.
It was quite a claim to run with 24 seven.
And then to find out after three years that we have nothing.
Not like there's nothing, no evidence pointing toward this conspiracy even existing.
So that their trust had already evaporated.
But then after COVID, people will still go on real hard and argue this.
They'll still say there's evidence.
It's like people still want to, [24:00] they still want to say there's evidence.
Not only isn't there, there's not even evidence that Vladimir Putin interfered in the 2016 election.
The best they have is like, there are some bot farms that they can trace to Russian IP addresses, which is like, I'm not a tech guy, Jamie, you know this better than me, but they say it's the easiest thing to fake, is an IP address.
The fact that an IP address traces to Russia is like almost more indicative that someone's trying to frame Russia than it is that Russia was involved but even the guys who they got that they imagine if we've got that he knew it was imagine we found out that the Russian troll farms were like completely insignificant and it's just like government controlled troll farms well I mean look even if they were all from Vladimir Putin they were fairly insignificant in terms of like interfering in elections with other culture and other countries and i would work for the most effective strategy was funny memes yeah yeah i mean really was a very effective strategy because it makes some when you mock something it makes makes it much more easy to dismiss that in terms of [25:02] whether or not like that's the right choice for president.
There's someone who can like openly mocks them.
What do you think they openly mock Donald Trump's?
They even made that stuff up like about his hand size.
Yeah.
Remember, there was this thing that he had little hands.
Dude, I was shaking his hands.
He's got normal fucking hands.
He's a big guy.
He's a big guy.
He's a big guy, like he's got a big hand.
I was like, I remember the first time I shook his hands, this is the most ridiculous thing.
Well, look at everyone who said he has little hands.
Mocking people is a powerful tool, dude.
It's a very, that's a crazy one because you're mocking something that someone can't change.
This is always against, that's against left-wing ideology.
Leftist, not when it serves the purposes.
Right, but that's the thing.
Right.
It's like you're willing to violate the rules for your side to win.
Because progressives are really supposed to be against body shaming.
You're supposed to be kind.
You're supposed to be not mock a person's appearance.
Why would you do?
Especially with their born with, the hand size, and the dick size.
[26:00] Really, that's okay to mock.
Dude, there was a segment.
I remember watching this.
It was in the 2016 election, and it was on Joy Reads show on MSNBC, her show at the time, whatever it was.
And she had a whole segment about like how sexist the coverage of Hillary Clinton was, and it was, you know, every time they'll say, she's shrill or she's this, but if a man was like that, it'd be this.
And she went through all these words that have been used to cover Hillary Clinton and how they're loaded, sexist phrases and all this.
And then at the end of her show, she has this segment called Who Won the Week and all the guests on the panel get to pick their own like what happened this week and her choice, not one of the people on the panel.
Her choice of who won the week was this guy in Union Square who made a naked statue of Donald Trump with a micro penis.
And was just like literally like just making a thing like, ah, he's got a little dick.
[27:01] And after literally her last segment was on the sexist coverage of Hillary Clinton.
And then her next pick for who won the week was a guy mocking Trump for having a micro penis.
But he just made up and made a statue of.
And she did not even seem to see the contradiction in any of that.
Like you just said this.
It's beautiful.
It's fun.
It's fun.
It's fun to watch.
I'm glad those people exist.
They're fun.
They're fun to watch because they're so ridiculous and they're so fake.
And it comes off.
It's obvious that they're not they're not really engaged.
They're not really talking about it like a human.
They're just propagandists.
And that's the only way you can do that job.
If you want to do that job, you have to be a propagandist.
Or you have to be some sort of straight face jake tap or dude who just kind of like straight faces everything.
But if you want, you know, you want to have the joy read show.
Yeah, you got to go, you got to go for it.
You got to say joy read things.
What was that one, she got in some bizarre argument with some woman recently.
I think it was a transgender issue.
Was that what it was, Jamie?
[28:05] Where it went viral.
Because I forget what the debate was about, but I remember it being just a preposterous argument, the way she was looking at it.
Yeah, she's pretty out there.
I'm not sure what segment you're referring to, but she's got a whole lot.
But it's- Whole lot of great hits.
It's not, yeah, it's like you have to be on that network.
Like you can't exist in a podcast world.
It's not, what is it?
I don't know if there's something newer than that.
Observed argument probably against vote on race night.
No, that's not it.
No.
I should have saved it.
I probably did save it somewhere on my phone.
I could find it.
But it's just these, it was, I believe it was some sort of a trans issue if I'm correct.
But it's just these fucking people on these shows are trapped.
You're trapped.
You're trapped in this world of five minutes.
[29:00] You're trapped in this world of commercials.
You're trapped in this world of networks and executives.
You're trapped.
this world of commercials, you're trapped in this world of networks and executives.
You're trapped.
And if you wanna make it, you gotta be full of shit.
Yeah, you gotta be full of shit.
And it's the gig.
And it's just like you point this out all the time, but it's just not enough time to have a real conversation.
On any of these shows.
Dude, I did a debate for ZeroHedge a couple months ago on like the Israel Gaza conflict and there it was a two on two debate and it was two hours long and The only thing I could think at the end of it was like that just wasn't nearly enough time.
It's like two hours And now I'm crazy.
You get like a half hour, you know, roughly not I don't know exactly if we all spoke even time, but roughly a half hour each, that's not nearly enough to go through like the history of all this shit and what's going on now and to really make your points.
And that's a two hour debate.
They'll do that same segment on the news in 10 minutes, five minutes.
It's really good.
This is insane.
It's insane.
You're just trying to hit whatever the best point you can hit is and in the same way that Twitter, I mean, now you could like post longer stuff.
But you know a Twitter, but just because it's short, it just like pushes you into like saying just whatever just can destroy that guy in one sentence.
[30:11] It's like it pushes you into that.
It's just not.
It's headlines.
Yeah.
That's all you can do.
And when you're dealing with something like this, just the depth of it all is just so perplexing.
Lexing, you know, when you just lay out like when Mike Bakers on it and he lays out the history of like Palestine and Israel and the conflicts and Egypt and this and that and Hamas and Hezbollah and he lays it all you like Jesus Christ.
There's so many layers to this fucking cake.
Yeah.
And most people are just getting free-pounds dying from the river to the sea, yeah.
You know, you're just getting these slogans that you yell out and you're seeing who knows how much of what you're seeing is even real today.
Well, you mean like with the footage?
With the footage.
With the footage, the footage of things.
[31:01] Even footage of people fake things now.
And the fake things specifically for propaganda.
And then they hide things.
One of the most terrifying videos I saw recently was one of the Israeli hostages.
She was in the back of a Jeep and they drag her out by her hair and she's got blood all over her and they had hacked her heels to make sure she couldn't run.
Bro, it's so terrifying.
It's so, and they're all screamin', God is great, God, Allah walk bar.
Oh, yeah, dude, I know, I think there's a thing, I don't know if I could word this exactly right, but I think there's, for some reason, I think comedians have this thing that they're kind of able to go to these places.
Do you remember when you had Bill Burr on your show and you played this video, I don't know why I just loved this moment so much, but you played this video of a dude ripping something out of a little girl's hand, and it was something like the guy, she had a piece of paper or something, and he was way aggressive.
I think it was a protest.
Yeah, it was like a grown man going up to like a little girl and ripping it out and you like immediately you were like, [32:06] oh man, that'd be real bad if that was my kid.
Like I'd be in jail the next day or that.
And then Burr was like, he was like, oh, you went to a dark place there and you were like, yeah, I do that a lot and he was like, I do that all the time.
It was just something about just very easy for me I don't know why this always just came very natural to me Whereas I think some people have so much trouble with this But I it's very easy for me to do this on both sides of this conflict to just go okay Like I got two little kids I You just just start to imagine if somebody did something in one of my little kids And I wasn't able to protect them and what I'd be be willing to do, like how dark a place I could go to.
And it's just like immediately very easy to me to see how anyone in Israel after October 7th would support fucking flatten Gaza.
And how anyone in Palestine after what's going on the last 50 years there would be like, [33:00] yeah, I'll sign up for Hamas.
I'll support these guys who are going to do this shit.
Now, I do think, and this is the point that Daro...
Daro...
Well, both sides are on set.
For sure.
Which is the most scary thing about the gun.
Sure.
Well, that's why it's gotten to such a bad point, right?
Yeah.
Because like this is the cycle that keeps going.
But I do think, and this is what Daro Cooper, who like He has that fantastic series called A Fear and Loathing and the New Jerusalem.
And he's just totally brilliant.
I love that guy.
But he said, and I think this is right, is that he's like, okay, so you can totally see where if you're on either side there, you'd just be like, I don't care, I see red, I wanna kill as many of the other side as I can.
But for us as Americans who are not in that situation, it's kind of incumbent on us to be like, okay, let's try to kind of have a sober analysis of this and not do what so many people seem to do, which is like, almost try to just like, egg on the other side and cheer on their side.
And then this total demonization of either [34:00] all of the Palestinians, like they're all just human garbage or all Jews are whatever.
Yeah, I don't like this.
It's in America who are Jewish or complicit.
There's somehow another response.
Yeah, which is like totally ridiculous.
It's a scary side felt.
They're hackling at shows now.
This is like some organized protest.
They came to show and they were screaming out in the middle of a show.
It's also just like guys, take it look like I understand one in a protest this this war I got my issues with the the young college leftists who are protesting it they're not my people exactly um but like you know there's an Israeli embassy here there's a congress there's like take it at least to the halls of power like I don't think Jerry's not ruining you know like other people's ability to enjoy sign-filled stand standup show is really gonna solve the issue.
Yeah, because they're not really thinking well.
No, most of these people that do this, they come from wealthy families, they're young, really idealistic kids, and they glue themselves to paintings.
And they throw fucking soup at masterpieces.
[35:01] Did you see that one stop oil now person sliced up this fucking painting from the 1800s?
Some priceless painting.
Just pulled out a razor knife and just started slashing this thing up.
Isn't it weird if sometimes it feels like there like each side's foot soldiers are working for the other side?
You know what I mean?
Like when you do stuff like that you're almost like I just want to drill for more oil now.
Well this is the problem with teams, man.
This is a problem with teams if you have a team that anybody can join.
Like, if the Republicans are basically like the Christians, they'll take anybody.
You have anybody.
You know, if you wanna be a Jew, you gotta go to work.
Okay, you gotta learn a bunch of shit.
My uncle converted.
They make your work.
They make your work.
You gotta work, you gotta fucking learn some stuff.
I remember I was doing this episode of Joe Rogan questions to everything where I was talking to religious people with a bunch of different religious sex and religious scholars.
And I was talking to this one guy who was a rabbi and there was a woman there that was converting to Judaism [36:03] and I got to ask her questions about how she's doing it and how hard it is.
And it's like getting your pilot's license or something.
It's a lot of fucking shit you gotta remember.
It's like the way citizenship is.
We're like when you're born Jewish, like I am or born in American like I am.
And you're like, oh man, I couldn't have passed that test.
It's a good thing I was born into this shit.
It's all a fucking test Yeah, they really they make your work Well, I think the Jewish ones harder than the American one.
Yeah, probably but the American one these days You could just walk in but but if you don't walk in you fucked if you don't walk in then if that you fly in from Europe They're like you first class, which is we're gonna make a really hard for you to become a city Which is by the, it sums up everything about modern day America.
Anarcho tyranny.
It's just like, it's like you have the worst of anarchism and tyranny all in one where if you follow the rules, you get totally fucked.
And if you just ignore the rules, you get rewarded.
The worst incentives.
And everybody wants to be on a team.
[37:00] So if you have a team that's open to anybody, you're gonna get the dumbest fucking people that are Super enthusiastic about that team.
Yeah, and they're gonna ruin everything and they do with ever they do it on the right And they do it on the left.
That's why I say my message is always reject the teams and come be a libertarian and lose with me Just keep losing come and just enjoy losing.
There's something freeing about knowing you're not going to win.
They're the most reasonable people I talk to politically.
Yeah.
But it's also like, but it's also the system is so deep like you again.
Well, that's the real question.
I mean, there's almost like two figuring out what the solution is is almost the easy part.
And then actually figuring out how to implement it.
A.L.
is have to land.
They have to land.
They literally have to land.
Maybe they're not enough.
Because we're like on our way to a kingship.
We're on our way.
A.I.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.
President AI.
President AI.
President AI will be logical.
[38:06] And if it's on the blockchain, we'll know exactly if President AI is being influenced by money.
Wouldn't it be great if AI just turns out to be as human as us and is just corrupted?
And they're like, President AI got a blowjob in the over office.
And the power went to his head.
He just started making AI horrors.
He's got to give a press conference.
He's like, I don't know what I was thinking man.
I was pretty good until I got in there.
The ring of power does ruin everyone.
We are going to bypass biological needs and we're going to do it pretty soon.
It's going to be real soon.
It's going to, it's going to sex.
Regular sex is going to seem ridiculous in 20 years.
We're gonna be the like old school guys, we're like I still do sex the old fashioned way with my wife.
I remember when I was in high school, we got a few jobs.
These kids fucking robots, even their sex.
People are gonna be like you have sex with your wife.
That's insane dude.
How are you doing that?
What if you guys get diseased?
People die from those diseases.
I do think like, I mean, I, look, obviously like I'm, I'm biased on the, like I have my own opinions [39:09] on these things.
But I do, but I do just think that, one of the things that I've found kind of amazing, and I've thought this with some of the people who have come on your show since the last time I was here, is the way that people can defend what Israel's doing in Gaza does kind of blow my mind.
It blows my mind too.
Because it reminds you that you're like, oh, okay, look, throughout all of human history, right?
I'm not saying there's anything unique to Israel.
They're the only ones to ever commit atrocities or that they're not dealing with atrocities committed to them.
Super standard.
Sure.
In some world wars.
In terms of like world wars, terms of like, Dresden.
Well, yeah, if you could, that's the thing.
If you compare it to the worst things that have ever happened in the history of the world.
But I'm just saying, throughout all of human history, there's been atrocities and there's been genocides and ethnic cleansing campaigns and slavery and all.
But at every single point, point there was someone there willing to rationalize it.
You know, like someone there who would be like, not enough, listen, this is what we have to do, [40:06] because otherwise this, and it's amazing the mental gymnastics that people can come up with to justify something that is so clearly on its face, just horrific.
But I think the difference is back then, your understanding of it was much more limited.
Yeah.
You weren't watching videos on it.
They didn't exist.
back then your understanding of it was much more limited.
You weren't watching videos on it, they didn't exist.
If you saw it on television, on the movie theater, it'd be a small clip that was played, and it was played before the film.
But everyone knew that the reason why we're here is because people went to warn one.
Or you escaped a war-raaged country and you came to America everyone knew it everyone had an understanding of that So when we were at war people were signing up to go to war There was no need to draft them by time Vietnam rolled around people were starting to get more information [41:01] Then they go hey, I think it's a bullshit war Which is the first time ever in this short history of our country where we're like, hey, this one sucks.
It was kind of no defending it.
It was, and then when you find out they were right, at the end of it all, when you find out many, many years later that the Gulf of Tonkin was a false flag, you're like, what?
Which they didn't even need in order to be right.
But then you find out you're like, oh, the whole thing was a whole thing.
And then you go, what did you guys do with all that heroin money?
Yeah.
Where did all that money go?
Because if I was the government, and I was willing, it's just a mansion, if Eisenhower's correct, which is insane, how could he be?
And that there was a real influence of military industrial complex if i was military industrial complex and i was willing to the fucking start a war with north vietnam for no fucking reason for no reason make no so one hundred percent i'm gonna kill x amount of people and a bunch of americans and then you're gonna actually make [42:00] these people these americans you can a draft them and forced into go cuz they don't want to go uh...
you don't get so i don't like that would be your line you know how to hold on how much of these guys making yeah how much of these fucking dudes making how much lot how many billions this is what percentage of the world's hair once a plot and then when you see the same trick played out in Afghanistan when you like my favorite was for all the Rivera interviewing the troops rationalizing Why they had a guard the cops?
We have to guard the heroin.
Yeah for the good folks This heroin falls into the wrong hands.
It could be lethal.
There's no way America would sell this heroin Yeah, there's no way America would sell this heroin.
There's no way the output of heroin out of Afghanistan, I wanna say it was a 96% increase.
80% global supply.
See, you're exaggerating, Joe.
It's only a hundred percent.
[43:01] No, no, no, no, no, no, no, it was responsible for 80%.
Ooh, yeah.
There was responsible for most of the global supply of heroin.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no the opium producer responsible for over 80% of the global supply and a major source of heroin in Europe and Asia.
So how much did it go?
Oh, plunges by 95% when was this?
Under the Taliban.
Now that's now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
See, the Taliban doesn't want everybody on heroin.
They want people to get back to work and make Afghanistan great again.
The Taliban just ran on the troll.
They fucking kicked out the drug dealers.
That's what happened.
They kicked out the drug dealers.
Dude, they were, there was a giant part of the supply of heroin to the world.
The idea that we didn't, well, we are not interested in that at all.
We just want to push freedom.
Yeah.
And, [44:03] and I think even people who are, even the people I think who are lying about this shit, rationalizing in their own head.
But where does that money go?
Yeah, well that's a...
Where'd all that heroin money go?
Well, I know you were, I was listening to the Mike Baker podcast you had on where you were talking about the like the money in Ukraine and where it went and he even he was like, ah, yeah, no, we don't really know where the, I thought one of the funniest things about that was that some of it goes.
Well, that's for sure.
Woo!
I think that's for sure.
The Taliban is not, our tax dollars have 100% paid for some cocaine.
Oh, certainly.
The Taliban's successful opium ban is bad for Afghans and the world.
That's what this is.
The ban is not a counter narcotics victory and we'll have negative economic and humanitarian consequences potentially leading to a refugee crisis.
Oh, unlike us leaving in the middle of nowhere allowing the Taliban to kill all the people we worked with.
But you said you get my point about how humans can rationalize anything.
[45:00] That could just come up with.
Up again.
That's what it is.
Yes, that's true.
That's also true.
But even people who are like, I mean, I like, look, I thought, the only way you could say that, that what their guy made sense is if you're advocating that heroin should be legal.
Yes.
But if you're advocating an heroin is a scourge, and if you really do appreciate that, 100,000 people died last year of opioid overdoses.
100,000.
It's a real fucking crisis.
Yeah.
If there was a disease killing 100,000 people, we would freak the fuck out.
Well, look, I mean, I do think there's a strong argument for legalization, but there's also a difference between that and the government kind of like sponsoring the trade of it.
90% of heroin globally and more than 95% of the European supply.
More land is used for opine and Afghanistan that is used for coca cultivation Latin America.
Bro, do you don't think that has something to do with it [46:06] is that am i silly no i think it's insane to ignore that i mean like i'm on the money well i'm sorry to say that i'm rampall i thought this was so funny it was a journey during one of the rounds of uh...
of aid to you crane and rampall stood up and said look we uh...
we don't know where any of this money is going.
If we're gonna send them this money, can we at least have an inspector general so that we itemize like where all the money is going?
And it failed.
The vote failed.
Like even in the Senate.
It was a fail, that's a comment is talked.
Yeah, like even in the Senate, they were like, what?
What are you talking about?
Communist talk.
We're gonna know where our money is going.
Nah, that's lame.
Yeah, we don't need that.
We'll send it over there.
Just send them that shit.
Send them everything they need and more.
And then do you have one of their flags?
You should wave it around.
Yeah.
And we'll provide the flags.
Wave it around in Congress.
you guys grab your flags.
[47:08] It's fucking bonkers.
It's also just so, the thing that's so wild to me is that after, and I know I've talked about this, I'm sure, on previous episodes, but just after 20 years of the terror wars and what a disaster those were, and to the point that everyone and john mccain wrote in his memoir that the war in a rack was a mistake that's how universally agreed upon it is which is the war even john mccain would acknowledge we got that one wrong so and it's not like anyone else is defending any of the other terror wars at this point but then as soon as we kind of get out of them we're not even fully up or mostly out we just get into these proxy wars in Ukraine and now in Israel that are clearly wars of choice for America, like we don't have to be involved in these.
We're just still deciding to continue this war machine.
These last two are really important.
When they get done, we're done.
We're no more.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's right.
These last two.
[48:00] This is it.
This is it.
Right.
You know, it's a Anyway, man.
I do I will say that I think I'm a lot of a lot of the defense of the the war and Gaza Which I kind of feel weird you've been calling a war because it's not exactly exactly feel like that's what the turn What's like the Bill Hicks joke.
It's only a war when two armies are fighting.
Well, right.
Remember that choke Yeah, I probably I read about Iraq.
They, Bill, Iraq is the fourth largest army goes, yeah, but after number three, there's a big drop off.
Right.
He goes to salvation armys number five.
That's a great bet.
That's a great bet.
Well, I mean, but he has some great bits about the war, but in the case of Gaza, it's not even like there's not even a government.
I mean, there are stateless people who have been captive by the Israelis since 1967.
And then they're captive politically in their own country by Hamas.
Right.
And then Hamas does do what this accusation is that they have their bases under schools and hospitals.
[49:02] They actually do do that.
Yeah, I think it's certainly exaggerated at times by the Israelis, but there is no question that they are, look, they're in this.
Gaza is, dude, it's five miles wide.
I know, it's great.
You know, like you could jog from one side to the other without taking a break.
It's literally way closer, way smaller than here to my club.
Yeah, yeah.
now imagine that.
Imagine, imagine like an extra 10 miles.
Yeah.
That small tract of land in the last five miles is what's getting the fuck blown out of it.
It is, it's, I think, 25 by five.
So it's like a marathon by a jog.
You know what I mean?
That's how that's Gaza.
It's a little, no look.
so I'm just saying part of this and this isn't I'm not like making any excuses.
I mean, there's no question they have been incidents of Hamas like embedding themselves in civilian locations, but also it's not as if they have a military or a government.
It's not as if there's gonna be two armies that meet themselves on the battlefield here.
There is one is Hamas is essentially a gang in an Israeli prison that like rose [50:10] up as the toughest gang there.
And yeah, in such a densely populated area, that's the way as they call it asymmetric warfare is gonna work.
I do it look, man, because I do, I took issue with like a few things that some of the guests you've had on recently I've said like I know I think all of this a lot of times it comes down to framing Like how you want to look at an issue and particularly the people who are way behind Israel on this I feel like always rely on this very strange framing so they don't have to confront exactly what's going on And they can kind of look at it in more than abstract So they don't have to confront exactly what's going on and they can kind of look at it in more than abstract, removed way.
Like when you had a, I'm sorry if I'm saying his name wrong, but you had a GADS.
GADS, how do you say his last name?
Sout, I've read his stuff before, but I don't, I always but your names.
But so one of the things he said, which I know I've heard this in every debate I've done on the topic so far.
But he said the thing, same thing Dennis Prager said to me when we debate it was he was [51:06] like, well, look, if Israel laid down all their arms, there'd be a genocide.
If Hamas laid down all their arms, there'd be peace.
And forget the fact that I will say I don't agree with the second part of that.
I don't think that's clear at all.
I think if Hamas laid down all their arms, which essentially the Palestinians are as close to have laid down all their arms as could be looking at it to binary.
Like well, yeah, even if you're even if you're supporting the Israelis, even if you're from that position, you have to acknowledge the attacks on AIDS workers.
Like it seems to be there's a bunch of targeted attacks on people bringing in food.
Like Joseon dresses people.
And then there's been more of those.
Like there's all these, I think how many documented attacks are there on AIDS supply?
Because it's a big number.
There's been several, I know, for sure.
[52:00] I think it's a big number.
Yeah, yeah.
No, I mean, it's been hot.
It's creepy.
Well, I remember when you had, and it was just the point of what I was thinking about Gads thing is that it's also this like, I just hate when people retreat to almost these hypotheticals.
It reminds me of Sam Harris's argument about why you were really wrong with the at least eight times.
Eight times.
Yeah, that's that's a lot.
So eight times Israeli forces have attacked humanitarian aid convoys and buildings in the Gaza Strip, at least eight times since October, despite being given coordinates to ensure their protection, human rights watch has set in a new report.
So they're targeting these people.
So you've got some members of the Israeli military that don't give a fuck and they wanna stop these people from getting food.
And well, look, and this has kind of been like Agdon.
Look, there'll be so much like scrutiny over like some college kids chanting from the River to the Sea.
And look, for the record, if I was in charge of those protests, I'd say stop chanting that, because even if you don't mean it to...
[53:01] Even if you don't mean it that way, which some people will argue they don't, and that's fine, maybe that's not what you mean.
Maybe you mean as from the river to the sea, everyone will be free and whatever.
Maybe that's how you mean it, but it's also the same thing, Hamas Chants, and they clearly mean something else when they say that.
So like maybe just use a different term.
Yeah.
However, for all the scrutiny, there'll be over what these 20 year olds are hollering at Columbia.
When Benjamin Netanyahu is saying, they're amalach as you're going into this area, which, you know, the story from the Bible is that you're supposed to kill the women and the children.
And the story is that they fucked up by the women in the children.
And then like they came back and like, now even if you could argue, he doesn't mean it that way.
It's like, okay, but you're saying that.
I'm elect the story for the Bible.
The story is they were like a tribe who was like an evil tribe and you had to kill all of them.
Kill the women and the children.
And that's the specific like lesson of that story is that you're supposed to kill the women in the children and then you can duct a campaign like this this is by the way this is what was in the the [54:06] south africa case that they brought to the to the u.n.
and that they you know the i.c.j.
basically said that israel is plausibly committing a genocide and they they didn't exactly you know they haven't yet determined that it is or isn't but they said it's plausible but anyway to my point that I'm making about what sad was saying is that it reminds me of Sam Harris, where he sits here and he goes, he goes, well, imagine this hypothetical, imagine COVID was 100 times as deadly and the vaccine was perfect again, stopping transmission and there were no vaccine injuries.
Well, hey, now you don't look so good anymore, do you Joe Rogan?
No, he wasn't saying that.
He was saying you could, when someone's saying you could never mandate a vaccine or argue for a mandate and he was saying if there was a vaccine, you could, he was making an intellectual argument, he's correct, that you could argue that if there was a vaccine that had zero [55:03] side effects and was 100% effective and if everybody took the disease stops, you could make that argument.
Well, what he was saying was that then how would we feel?
But he goes, then how would we feel about what Joe Rogan is saying and what RFK is saying when they were telling you know what I mean?
But the point is that thing does not exist.
The hypothetical, like that little key point, it doesn't exist in nature.
Right.
But there's no vaccines that That's not the hypothetical, like that, look at what he did.
It doesn't exist in nature.
Right, right.
But there's no vaccines that are 100% safe with no side effects.
None of us.
I'm just saying, I'm not against engaging in a thought experiment to think about like what that scenario would look like.
But at the same time, you're like, it does seem like that's serving in this case as a distraction from the real world scenario that's going on here.
So like if you're gonna say, if Israel, like yes, I would not recommend Israel lay down all of their arms, completely disarmed themselves, and then open up the wall to Gaza and allow Hamas to come in.
But that's not on the table, that's never gonna happen.
So like even thinking about that as a thought experiment [56:02] doesn't really prove that much.
What's actually going on here is like, what Israel is doing to Gaza?
And, you know, right, but if you could flip it around, the opposite would be true.
Like if Hamas did lay down all their weapons, and if they did completely give up, you're gonna have some Israeli soldiers that do not give a fuck that still want to shoot them.
But for the most part, if there was nothing, if they completely gave up, which is also not going to happen.
But if that did happen, you couldn't see a situation where Israel just continues bombing.
Maybe not, but then where, what do they go to?
Just being subjugated by the Israel back to the status quo of just being a stateless people of permanent refugees with no natural rights whatsoever, no ability to trade with the world, no ability to come and leave.
You can't have an airport, you can't have a seaport, you can't go out fishing past where some IDF guy decides you're not allowed to.
So like, yeah, if Hamas laid down all their arms, [57:02] perhaps Israel would stop the bombing campaign.
And they would just continue subjugation forever, which has been the Lecude Party official policy since they were created by the terrorist Minachem Began.
Like, literally since this party, that is the ruling party in Israel was created, their goal has been that the Palestinian people never get their own state, they never get their own freedom.
And that's resulted in this.
And you don't give them their own state, they never get their own freedom, and that's resulted in this.
And you don't give them their own freedom, there's no way you can justify it.
No way you can justify that a whole entire group of people never get to be a country.
That they don't get the rights of the Israelis, they don't get the rights of a sovereign country, they're trapped.
Nothing, literally no rights whatsoever.
That's kind of crazy that that's being done by Israel, if you really think about it.
It's kind of crazy.
Well, in some way, in a way it is, and then in another way, it's kind of not.
It's kind of like there's this weird, you know, hurt people, hurt people, type thing.
[58:00] Like when you kind of suffer this trauma and we're speaking collectively here, so it's not exactly the same as an individual, but like you suffer this trauma, and then you use that to justify doing whatever the hell you gotta do so that you never suffer that trauma again, and then you weirdly end up kind of like inflicting something on another group of people, and kind of in a weird way holding them responsible for the trauma.
You suffered even though they really really hadn't very little Nothing to do with the actual trauma.
It's really an ancient kind of conflict The the Israel palestine is very it's very ancient in the fact that it's like the hate Between them is so strong and the right next door to each other Which is how people used to rock it back in the day?
Yeah, you know, I mean that, that was the fear of neighboring tribes that people from the other side were gonna come over and rape the women and children and kill your babies and slaughter the men.
And not like an irrational fear, like a fear based on me.
This really happens, you know what I mean?
And it's happening in Israel.
I mean, that's what's crazy.
The other thing though is that, and that's all true.
But the other thing is that, you know, [59:06] there are these examples right like where there's Ireland and England and they're right next to each other and like things are just cool now.
And France and Germany are right next to each other and they're just full now.
But Ireland and Northern Ireland were at war with each other.
No, but I'm just making the point that, and then it's over.
And now they're not at war anymore.
And Egypt, Egypt went to war with Israel four times between the, it was in 1948, 56, 67 and 72 or 73.
Did I say that wrong?
Was Ireland at war with Northern Ireland?
Yeah, yeah, because they were Southern Ireland.
Well, they were the British controlled.
Right.
But it was really England.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was by proxy, England, basically dominating the Irish.
And then by the way, the Irish turned to terrorism when they were being dominated by the English shocker.
And yeah, which is another thing that people, another real interesting.
You have to do it.
It's the only way to go to war.
Well, if you don't have a, if you have a smaller army and they have all the money, [1:00:07] you've got to If you have a smaller army and they have all the money, you gotta figure out a way to get them.
Well, here's the craziest part of this, right?
Is that, and I thought, we talked a bunch about the history of this last time I was on, but I don't think I mentioned this.
Maybe I did.
But the craziest part of all of it is that the Israelis, or I shouldn't say the Israelis, the Israelis five seconds before they became Israelis.
Like right before the creation of the state of Israel, they embraced terrorism.
And by the way, these terrorists who were the leaders of these terrorist organizations, like Minachem Began and Eisek Shamir, they went on to be prime ministers of Israel.
But they worked terrorists.
And I'm not like, I don't mean this is a pejorative, like self-described terror, like they embraced terrorism.
What was their organization called uh...
uh...
um...
minachem bagans was the um...
the urgen that was his militia and then there was uh...
lehi or the stern gang uh...
and then there was the hog and i was like the biggest one uh...
and they were not quite as terroristic but they also were involved in a bunch of it and their [1:01:02] justification for it was to drive out the occupying force, which was the British at the time.
The after World War II, the Zionists who were in Palestine were like, had enough of the British occupying the area.
And they were very angry because they had limited Jewish migration during the run-up to the Holocaust.
So they had a real beef with the British at this point, even though the British had kind of like allowed them to have a chance to establish a Jewish homeland there.
But so they embraced terrorism.
To drive them out, you can go look up the King David hotel, killed a whole bunch of innocent people, including Jews in the hotel, because they just wanted to use terrorism to drive out and occupying force.
And then they actually introduced terrorism into that region and many of the same tactics that the Palestinians went on to embrace were stuff that they picked up from the Jewish terrorists at that time.
But then the same Israelis will turn around and be like, well, I don't know why these Palestinians have embraced terrorism.
[1:02:02] And like they're telling you it's for the same reason it's to drive out and occupying force.
And of course the major difference there is that Israel, Israelis came to stay.
Whereas the British were there, you know, they had their, this was a satellite.
They had their home country back in Europe.
And they could be driven out.
It's a whole different thing to try to drive someone out who's like, no, we're setting up our homes here.
But and there's more of us.
Yeah well not that one.
I mean there's Palestinians and Israel is pretty close if you count all of them.
Well you're also backed by America.
Well that's the major difference.
Well that's basically my essential argument is that America shouldn't be playing this role.
And this is being argued out now.
Yeah.
You know, this is a big point of contention now politically, right?
Because the Biden administration is not giving the same amount of support to Israel that it was- They've been giving basically, I mean, what's really going on is that Joe Biden, this [1:03:01] is a disaster politically for Joe Biden and something like, I mean, looking at the polls recently, did you understand of his base?
Different Twitter followers.
So, my Twitter feed seems like he's doing a great job.
Really?
Yeah, you know, he's doing excellent.
He's totally got it down.
There's a lot of people that are arguing that.
Did I send you?
I sent you his latest clip from the speech that said New Biden just dropped and it's the newest yes the newest when he goes and by the it's not he he meant to say I think financial crash but he said pandemic but he said during the pandemic when he was vice president yeah bomb a sent him to Detroit why does that Detroit well why would they said you to Detroit to deal with covert but now I saw someone saying that perhaps it was the H1N1 pandemic, which did happen during the Biden administration or during the Obama administration when he was vice president.
I don't think I don't think I think he was talking about.
He would probably said a previous pandemic.
Yeah.
The point is just that he doesn't say so much.
[1:04:01] So much.
He's out of his fucking mind.
If it was occasional, people would let this stuff go.
But anyway, just two that, look, I also thought, because some of these guys, by the way, had on your show, I like them.
I'm not even like, you know, like Coleman Hughes, I don't know him personally, but I like him.
And he seems really smart.
And I haven't read his book, but I bet I would love it.
Well, if you two together would be a fascinating conversation just about the Israel Palestine comp.
Yeah, I would love to have a comment.
Because I think he's a good faith guy, and I think he is.
And he's very smart.
But he also kind of, you know, there were two things that kind of rubbed me the wrong way when he was on the show.
Number one was that he started by kind of getting into this argument about which I see a lot of people are supporting this conflict doing the argument about like okay Well here are the number of total civilians dead and here are the number of Hamas militants dead and let's look at that ratio And then is that ratio that far off from what you find in a typical war and there's a few problems with this number one [1:05:03] The numbers are totally unreliable.
And so you're having this conversation, yes, on both sides.
I mean, both sides are totally incentivized to exaggerate the numbers.
And also, in the fog of war, it's very hard to keep up with these numbers.
We never really know the numbers of dead and war until like years later when the excess mortality is calculated and then you get a better idea of what was really going on there.
The Israeli government talking about the number of Hamas militants they've killed seems to be them just pulling numbers out of their ass.
Like they drop these bombs, they don't know how many, who got who, and who was born in there and checking dog tags.
Yeah, they're not, you know what I mean?
And, but anyway, but even that, I just, even if the numbers were right, it's like, look dude, if you look at the population density and you just look at the number of bombs that Israel has dropped and you just see a lot of the footage that we've seen and you just listen to stories that doctors are telling.
I literally just saw an interview a couple weeks ago with a doctor who just got back from Gaza [1:06:00] and he was talking about how they have a major anesthesia shortage over there.
So just think about the implications of that, like what that means.
Because they're operating on kids without anesthesia.
You know what I mean?
It's just right.
So the point is that if you're talking about, okay, well, this many Hamas people are dying compared to this many innocent babies are dying.
That's not the question.
Okay, like when you're inflicting this level of human suffering on people, the question for any decent civilized person is, is this absolutely necessary?
Is this the only way to do it?
Is there any other option besides doing this?
And as soon as you frame the question that way, you realize that, oh yeah, there actually is.
And that it's not true that Israel, there will just be October 7th after October 7th If Israel stops doing this the fact is that of course Netanyahu's never allowed a real investigation into October 7th to happen But everybody pretty much concludes that Israel dropped the ball in a massive way in a massive way that their security was just [1:07:01] Inchambles and all they really needed to do was not rely so much on these, you know, machine gun robots and have actual soldiers at the border.
They could easily just stop this right now.
Well, what's in there is right now?
Where the soldiers were allocated towards?
Yes.
Yes.
It's basically they had, so as a, I think as a result of the protests against Netanyahu, he had started to ally with some even further right wing groups than he normally would have.
And to appease them, he was pulling soldiers off of the Gaza border and putting them over toward the West Bank, which is what the religious Jews on the right really care about.
And yes, they basically got caught with their pants down.
So but I'm just saying they could just stop doing this.
It's not they all die or they keep doing this.
They could stop and Israel can still protect itself.
In fact I'd argue their security would be enhanced if they stopped doing this.
But the other thing which you brought up to Coleman Hughes was that you mentioned to him, you said, what about the, the, didn't [1:08:08] Israel like prop up Hamas?
Wasn't that part of their strategy for a while?
And he, I'll give him the benefit of the doubt.
And maybe he just doesn't know about that detail of this as much because I, if not, he was kind of being dishonest.
But maybe he just wasn't familiar with all of this stuff.
But he kind of went, you said that, and then he kind of dismissed it by saying, well, there's a quote that's attributed to Netanyahu, but it wasn't on videotape.
So essentially being like, we don't really know if Netanyahu said this or not, and then just kind of moved on to the conversation away from that.
But I find this, I found this in all of my debates that I've done on this and I've done like eight debates on this since the war broke out.
Everybody on the pro-Israeli side does not want to grapple with that point because it really is like a, it's a narrative shattering point once you acknowledge it.
But so, but if it isn't on videotape he has a point as well.
Well here [1:09:06] Well, let me okay, so here's the deal right so the quote that he's referring to was a quote by Benjamin Netanyahu It was something along the lines of anybody who wants to thwart the Palestinians having their own state needs to support Propping up Hamas bolstering Hamas transferring money to them to Maine to right so there was a quote quote like this.
So here's the main tains power.
So Hamas maintains power so that they never, we never have to give them a state because we can look to the international community, we can look to liberal Jews in Israel and say look, we have no partner for peace.
They're a crazy terrorist group.
So we never have to make a deal.
We don't have to fulfill our promise that we would give them.
How was it attributed to him?
So basically, this quote particularly, okay, this was at a closed-door meeting with the LaCoude party.
So this is Benjamin Netanyahu's political party, his far right party that's in power right now in Israel.
So it's true that this was a closed-door meeting and that it's not on tape.
So what happened is as far as I could tell, the first person who reported this, [1:10:01] I believe was a lady who's a reporter for the uh...
drussell and post and then it's been run in a bunch of other newspaper since then so what basically what happened is in eyewitness who was there at the meeting so another lecude party member in benjamin netney i who's political party came and told her that he said this and then she went and checked with somebody else who was there and he also confirmed that, like, yes, Benjamin, you know, I said this.
And then a third person who was also at the meeting came out and wrote about it in his book or wrote about it in another newspaper article or something like that.
So you had three eyewitnesses from within his own political party who confirmed that he said this.
Now, take that for what it's worth.
I think that's reasonably strong.
That three eyewitnesses all his political party said long as they were trying to get rid of him But because you can get more than three people to say the Donald Trump was in collusion Sure, sure, so even even say if you don't trust them Coleman acted as if that's what the entire case is built off of which is just not true at all It's not just this one Benjamin Netanyahu quote [1:11:03] It's dozens and dozens of quotes from Israeli leaders all throughout the political spectrum there's been reporting on this done by almost every major Israeli newspaper at harret times of Israel the times of Israel on October 8 had a piece by tall Schneider which was how Ben lot uh...
Ben excuse me how Netanyahu's support for Hamas just blew up in his face.
It was the next day.
And because ever, even critics, like Ahud Barak, who was the former prime minister, he's a labor party.
He's a critic of Benjamin Netanyahu.
So he was a critic of this plan to prop up Hamas.
But it's totally uncontroversial that this was their plan.
The New York Times just ran a piece, I think it was late last year.
That might have been early this year.
Where they talked about how two weeks before October 7th, Benjamin Netanyahu sent the head of the Mossad to cutter [1:12:00] because funds going into Hamas had slowed down.
And he sent them in there to make sure the funds continued It's the case for this is overwhelming.
It's not like relying on one.
Yeah, here you go Yeah, for years the Katari government had been sitting I'm saying that right.
Is that I say it Katari?
I think is yeah, it's a government had been sending millions of dollars a month to the god's strip money that helped prop up the mosque government there benjamin present prime minister benjamin not you neton yahoo of israel not only tolerated those payments he had encouraged them according to times is really intelligence agency agents rather travel the gods uh...
with a guitar official carrying suitcases filled with cash suitcases like a mafia movie to disperse money retired Israeli general Shlomo Braum described the logic of net and Yahoo's position one effective way to present a two state solution is to divide prevent prevent prevent prevent a two state solution is to divide between the Gaza strip and the West Bank if the extremist Hamas ruled [1:13:03] Gaza then the Palestinian authority, a compromise, Comprador government?
Is that a set?
Comprador?
I don't even know what that is.
Comprador government with a tenuous hold on the West Bank would be further weakened.
This, according to Brahm, would allow Netanyahu to say, I have no partner.
And so that's okay.
So that's essentially the point there, so that's a strategy that he can say that he can say I have no partner for peace, which is the Israeli line that they like to use so basically Okay, in 1979 The Egyptians and the Israelis met at Camp David and that's when they worked out their peace now their peace Also just involved basically that the US would pay them both off They're the we'd given both three billion dollars a year in perpetuity if they stopped going to war with each other basically.
And part of that was that Israel promised that they would eventually give the Palestinians a state.
Like it was recognized by DC at the time, this Jimmy Carter, that like, you gotta give them a state [1:14:00] because otherwise this fighting is gonna continue on and on and on forever.
So they promised that eventually they would give it to them.
This is the Yasser-Arafat days.
This is before Yasser-Arafat was like the guy.
But he was alive.
But then in the 80s, Yasser-Arafat basically rejected terrorism.
He had been involved in terrorism before that.
He rejected terrorism and he recognized Israel.
I think it was in 1988 he recognized israel's right to exist under nineteen sixty seven borders so basically israel is the right to exist but but we have the right to gaza in the west bank the ultimate of compromises from the palestinian perspective because you know a lot of the more hardcore guys are like no all of this was ours right we shouldn't have lost any of it and now even the original us partition plan which was rejected by the Arabs with for you know fairly good reasons um they rejected it because it gave fifty five percent to the Jews and only four or fifty six percent to the Jews [1:15:01] and only forty four percent to the Palestinians and they were like but we're like ninety percent of the population here, like or 90% of the landowners here, whatever.
And it's like this isn't fair.
But now at this point, they're talking about 78% versus 22%.
So they're accepting 22%.
And so that's Yasser Arifat in the late 80s.
And then this is what set the stage for the Oslo Accords in the early 90s.
And this is like famously when Bill Clinton has Yitzhak Rabin and Yasser Arifat over and they shake hands and they sign these deals.
And the promise again from Israel was that we're starting the peace process to eventually give the Palestinians their state.
This is the process.
And there were steps along this process.
Okay.
their state this is the process and there were steps along this process okay now in 1996 Benjamin Netanyahu becomes prime minister now the same year in 1996 there was There's this letter you can find this on the internet.
It's called a clean break a new strategy for securing the realm and it was written by Richard [1:16:02] Pearl and David Worms are and a couple other people of course Richard Pearl and David Wormsar and a couple other people.
Of course, Richard Pearl and David Wormsar both went on to be very influential neo-conservatives in the George W.
Bush administration.
So they write this letter, not to President Bill Clinton and not to Bob Dole, who was running for President on the Republican ticket that year.
They write this letter to Benjamin Netanyahu, the new prime minister of Israel.
And basically, if you read it, what they say is that they're like, look, look, you guys are all caught up in this peace process thing, where you're talking about, given the Palestinians land, we need a clean break from that strategy.
And we're going to have a whole new strategy.
And what it's going to involve is you making agreements with the broader Arab world so that you don't have to make this agreement with the Palestinians.
You see, the old way of thinking was always that Israel will never be able to make peace with the broader Muslim world because they're furious about what you're doing in the Palestinians.
[1:17:01] But the clean break strategy was like, no, no, no, you're going to embark on what ultimately became the Netanyahu doctrine that will make it deals with the rest of the Arab world.
So we don't have to give up this land.
And you know what they recommended?
These two neo conservatives in 1996, and I bet you'll never guess this, Joe, regime change in Iraq for the security of Israel.
That was in 1996.
And these people got in George W.
Bush's government.
And after 9-11, those same people decided that they believed that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction and that he was involved in 9-11.
Yeah, so there it is.
Israel can shape its strategic environment and cooperation with Turkey and Jordan by weakening, containing, and even rolling back Syria.
This effort can focus on removing Saddam Hussein from power in Iraq and important Israeli strategic objective in its own right as a means of foiling Syria's regional ambitions.
And here's where it gets crazy.
[1:18:03] How much of a, how what a great job the Masaud did in compromising people, by the way.
How much of an effect did that have in everything?
You can go full Eddie Bravo and think everything that's happening is because of Epstein's Island.
And I used to dismiss that a lot more easy than I do now.
Maybe not everything?
A lot of things.
But certainly some things.
Well, look, you will see this.
You will see this.
And I'm not saying that that Epstein is the sole reason for this type of stuff.
There's several different reasons.
But you see this all over the political sphere.
And especially amongst like conservative commentators where as soon as Israel's mentioned, whatever their principles were that they were just rolling with are like, gone.
Like it's a totally different thing.
And I get that, there's a reason for that too.
I, of course, like what Jewish people have been through [1:19:01] in the 20th century, in the 19th and 18th century, like that, that play is a part in that too.
But there's no question that, like, it's not just, it's not just Epstein.
It's also, and I highly recommend people read John Mearsheimer has a great book called The Israeli Lobby.
There's also this lobby APEC, which have very, very powerful lobby.
The truth is that every US president, since with perhaps the exception of Trump, I'm actually not sure about that.
But every US president, since Jimmy Carter, I know for sure, excluding Trump, every one of them wanted a two-state solution.
Every single one of them.
None of them were able to get it done.
Even though we, Bancroll, Israel, you think it'd be fairly easy for us to put pressure on the country that's relying on us, like okay, we'll keep supporting you, but you gotta do this.
Nope, even when they go over and say we wanna do this, they're not able to do that.
And part of that is because of the lobby, [1:20:02] part of that is because there's like tens of millions of evangelical Christians in this country who believe that the Jews have to control Israel, like in some religious view that Jesus can't come back unless the Jews control them or something like that.
I'm exactly understand it.
They go there on tour.
They have tour, they go there.
Well, and the Israeli government's well aware of that and they're well aware of how much they benefit from that.
So they do everything they can to facilitate that belief.
Why do you take off shirts?
Yeah, that's right.
They're a big force.
They're a really big block in this country.
There's not like a few dozen of them.
They're willing to throw some real money.
Yes.
That's bringing Jesus back.
Yes, they've wanted an outcome that they're unable to get.
And you can look, there's this one video of Benjamin Netanyahu, where he doesn't know he's being recorded, and he's speaking openly about this.
And it's pretty, so he openly starts bragging [1:21:00] about how he basically blew up the peace process and how he, like, he basically...
Is it recording on this?
Yeah, oh yeah, I mean, it's in Hebrew, but it's translated and it's legit.
It's been translated by like a whole bunch of different people.
And he's bragging about how he put all of these poison pills into the peace agreement.
Like he was like, oh yeah, sure, well, well, grant, I agreed to grant them a state, but only after it was determined that Israel could control military, like important military areas.
And then he was like, I also snuck it in that only Israel gets to define what the military important areas are.
And I decided that a third of the West Bank is that.
And he's bragging about, and he's bragging about how he tricked Bill Clinton and how easy it is to move the Americans.
It's wild.
Like there's a lot of power plays at work here.
And the only other thing I'll say about this, and it's not just like the Neo conservative, the clean break, the strategy that they wrote for Netanyahu.
It's that, so in 2002, Benjamin Netanyahu [1:22:02] comes and testifies before Congress as a regional expert.
And he testifies that like, oh yeah, if you guys overthrow Saddam Hussein democracy will sweep the region.
Let me tell you, I know something because I know this region better than anyone else.
And at one point, Dennis Kusenej actually grilled him and got him on record.
And he goes, is there anybody else that you're advocating that we preemptively attack?
And Netanyahu goes, yeah attack them too so i'm not like i don't hate israel like i think israel's a cool country i think what they do to the palestinians is fucked up and it's inexcusable and they should stop but i i think israel is a cool country there's a lot of great things about them but like netany, this guy who's the longest serving Prime Minister in Israeli history, has been trying to get America into wars that are in his interest that are very clearly not in hours.
And the fact that we have to like unconditionally support Israel, even when our own democratically elected president doesn't like the policy is that they're [1:23:03] enacting and yet they still get all of this support.
Even now, as you know, Joe Biden doesn't like the policy is that they're enacting and yet they still get all of this support even now as you know joban doesn't know what he's saying because he's got dementia but there's people in his ear who are telling him to like say don't invade rafa and he's like don't invade rafa and then Benjamin neton yeah who's like okay we're going to invade rafa and it's just like okay well fine fine if we have no influence over what you're going to do and you'll just wag the middle finger at us and brag about how you tricked Bill Clinton and defy what our presidents want you to do.
Okay, fine.
But then you don't get our money and our weapons, right?
Isn't that reasonable?
It is reasonable, but it's also, the left is very confused on this one.
This is a baffling one for the left.
They should.
Sure.
Support of Israel has always been a position of people on the left, right?
Support of Jewish people.
And to not want that is kind of anti-Semitic.
Well, look, on the hard left, there's always been a bunch of people who are sympathetic to the plight of the Palestinians, right?
So there's, well, the people that have seen [1:24:01] Abbey Martin's take on it.
Yeah.
But Abbey Martin I've like seen Abby Martin's take on it.
Yeah, but Abby Martin also like follows in a tradition of left wing thought like known Chomsky and people like this who have always been very critical of the Israeli government's treatment of the Palestinians.
Yes.
But this is where it gets weird.
It's like the support of Israel when Israel was attacked.
So that's when everything gets crazy.
It's not supportive of Israel before October 7th.
It's post-October 7th.
So now you have hardcore lefties who are now they're like the majority of young people now.
It's a big thing in this country and universities.
It's crazy.
I mean they're going nuts.
They're attacking students.
They're attacking teachers.
People can't go to work.
They're attacking students, they're attacking teachers, people can't go to work, they're being told if they support a Israeli campaign on campus, it's just the whole thing is it's very bad for the left in that regard because it's like Jewish people traditionally vote left.
[1:25:01] Oh yeah, well yeah, I mean the overwhelming majority, I think 85% of Jews are Democrats or something like that.
And, you know, obviously there's not false, like even today there was a news report of a huge government protest in Israel.
They're in the streets.
And so it's not like this is a policy that's supported by the entire population.
Well, there's, I mean, there was, so basically, I think, what really changed things.
During the 90s, there's no question.
There was tremendous support for making a deal for a two-state solution, particularly amongst, like, liberal Israelis.
And they're basically, so Yitzhak Rabin got assassinated by a right-wing Israeli who was furious that he was a traitor for making a deal with the Palestinians.
And that took him out.
And then when Netanyahu came in, and then ultimately, I guess it was Sharon who was in the year 2000, [1:26:00] and there was another meeting at Camp David where, know what what people will say which is just not true but what a lot of the the people of the pro-Israeli side will say is that they offered them everything right they offered the Palestinians everything they wanted and they just turned it down and this is their it's all slogans it's like they never miss an opportunity to miss an opportunity but if you actually look into the details of all of it, even Shlomo Benamei, who was the acting foreign minister at the time involved in these negotiations, he even said in his book, and he said it in a democracy now interview, that he would have turned down the deal too if he was arofat because deal was just so it was so removed from actually giving him his own state that it was like this is just it was an insulting offer essentially.
But when those negotiations broke down and then it was after Sharon had this visit to the temple mount which really inflamed tensions when the negotiations broke down then the second in Tafada started and there was a big wave of terrorist attacks and that you know in [1:27:05] the same cycle we were talking about at the beginning, that did a lot to turn a lot of liberal Israelis off of the idea that like, well, there's no negotiating, a piece.
But it is worth noting that whenever there weren't negotiations going on, the support for terrorism, the support for Hamas and groups like that always plummeted.
And then whenever the negotiations broke down, the support for Hamas and groups like groups like that always plummeted.
And then whenever the negotiations broke down, the support for those terrorist groups picked back up again.
Because the big problem here is that you're just, when you, essentially when you take away the dangling carrot in front of an oppressed people, like you let them know that there's no hope that you're going to live in subjugation for eternity.
That's a very dangerous situation.
That's when people will turn to really, really dark means.
And that's, you know, essentially, look, Netanyahu, what became the Netanyahu doctrine, and a lot of this culminated in the Abraham Accords, [1:28:02] which a lot of Trump supporters will brag about.
They'll be like, look at all these peace deals that Donald Trump worked out in the Middle East except the problem is that there was no war between any of the countries that he worked out these deals.
It was just kind of like normalizing relations between Israel and these other Arab countries around them.
But what was the reason why relations weren't normalized was because they were pissed off about Israel's treatment of the Palestinians.
So basically Jared Kushner's brilliant idea, along with Netanyahu's, was that, oh, well, if we just bribe all of these countries with US taxpayer dollars or weapons, we can get them to look the other way and say, screw the Palestinians.
We'll make a deal with the US and with Israel.
So they did that.
And Netanyahu was bragging about this.
And Netanyahu, just a couple weeks before September 11th, right around the time that he sent the head of Masad into Qatar to make sure the money kept going to Hamas.
He went to the UN with a map of greater Israel and it was all Israel.
Gaza, [1:29:00] the West Bank and what is Israel proper, all Israel in his map.
Like they were just bragging to them.
Like, ha ha, you guys lost, you get nothing.
That's it.
Nothing.
This map of greater Israel, this is something that he's proposing for the future.
This is, you know, as much as people will point to the Hamas founding charter and it says from the river to the sea or whatever.
And that's true, at least the original one.
But that's in the Lecude founding documents also, in different words, but it's basically from the river to the sea will be all Israel, which is what it has been, you know, since 1967.
And again, by the way, I'm not showing up with a map.
Why would he have a, that sounds like a plot in a movie.
Sure does.
Like this is all of ours.
show up with a map what why would he have a that sounds like a plot a movie sure does like this is all of ours haha what i do no deals yeah well right something like that it does it sounds like a bad guy in the movie well look i also don't don't want to um...
because there are people who also jumped to like other conspiracy theories that i [1:30:00] don't think are right uh...
that well they'll say kind of like uh...
Like what?
Well, because, okay, so because Netanyahu was supporting Hamas and because he was using them kind of as, you know what I mean?
Like, oh good, we'll keep these terrorists over here so that they're not linked up with the people in the West Bank over here.
And then I have no, I get a, you know, a certificate, I forget the exact phrase, but it was I have a I think he said at one point I have a no partner for peace certificate signed by the president and both houses of Congress because look I don't have to ever do a two-state deal but then people will jump to the next level which is that like oh he he wanted October 7th there was a stand down order this is why it took us so long yeah it's black flag's a black flag.
That, or a false flag.
Yeah, that I don't think is right.
Or at least I haven't seen convincing evidence that it is.
From everything I've read about it, it actually seems a lot more like, if you remember, I know we talked about the same thing on the podcast years ago when I was on, but if you remember when, okay, so in 2012, when Obama decided that they [1:31:06] were going to start arming all of the anti-Assad rebels, and there's actually a hot mic of John Kerry talking about this, and because they were doing it through 2013 through 2014, and he goes, he goes, yeah, look, we saw the rise of ISIS coming, and we knew the weapons were getting into their hands, but we thought, okay, that might put pressure on Assad to have to step down.
So we could use this group in order to get the regime change that we wanted.
But then they turned around and invaded Iraq.
And that wasn't part of the plan.
You know what I mean?
They weren't supposed to do that.
Then we had to re-invade Iraq to get rid of ISIS.
You know what I mean?
And so if you to do that.
Then we had to reinvate a wreck to get rid of ISIS.
You know what I mean?
And so if you remember during that time, there was one point when Obama called ISIS JV.
It was like kind of like insulting them, like like some of these guys.
And you could kind of see where Obama was coming from.
He's like, I don't know.
I'm the commander in chief of the United States of America's military.
I'm worried about ISIS.
These guys are nothing compared to what the power that we have.
[1:32:07] And there's a lot of people at the highest level of the Israeli government who spoke exactly the same way about Hamas.
That's the Benjamin Netanyahu quote that he says, we can control the height of the flame.
When he's talking about, you know, the propping up Hamas.
He goes, don't worry, we can control what they're able to do and what they're not able to do.
These guys are nothing compared to our strength.
But let me add, there was tremendous hubris in it.
Let's, let's say, go what if?
Sure.
What if they decided on a two-state solution as it currently stands?
And they just let the people run it, however they want, and Hamas takes over the whole Palestine.
A Palestine becomes a country controlled by Hamas.
And then they start doing trading with other countries.
And then they start acquiring weapons, like real sophisticated weapons like Israel has, where the Iron Dome is no longer successful.
Right, so this is kind of the counterfactual that a lot of Israelis will rely on to say, [1:33:01] well look, we can't give them their own state, because what if when they get their own state, they decide to do this with it?
So all right, there's an old Thomas Jefferson quote about slavery and I'll butcher this as I always do, but I like bringing it up.
But it's something along the lines of he goes, we have the wolf by the ear and we can neither afford to hold on to it nor to safely let it go.
And essentially what he was saying was like this was a major concern of people, even people who were kind of sympathetic to the abolitionist cause, who were like, yeah, look, but we've like enslaved these people for so long.
It's like, what are we gonna do?
Freedom and make them citizens who are allowed to get guns?
Like they're gonna be so furious at us.
They're gonna come kill all of us.
So, freem, and make them citizens who are allowed to get guns, like they're gonna be so furious at us, they're gonna come kill all of us.
And you can kind of see, especially when there's way more of them.
Well, especially you have a plantation, and how many places do you have?
Right, right, in certain areas.
You might have had- You might have people all get together and organized, get guns.
So you could see where that could have been a real- It was to have a really good point too.
Right, but at the same time, [1:34:05] dude, who whipped you lives in that big white house and now you've got a shotgun?
Yeah, so there's no question.
There's a concern about that.
However, I also think looking back at it, most people in modern times would say, Yeah, but you can't enslave people, man.
Like fucked up, you should deserve that.
Sorry.
And And look, I also do think that, you better get the fuck out of Dodge.
Like the way, well the way Darryl Cooper says it, which I actually think is a reasonable way to put it, is he goes like, I heard someone ask him that question once and he goes, okay, well if that happens, then we're having a different conversation.
You know, but that's not the conversation right now.
The conversation right now is about Israel dominating these people in perpetuity.
But I also do think that I don't listen, I think that groups like Hamas get their strength from the fact that there are so many people who want to resist this total domination by the Israelis.
You know, it was a general Macrystal, not a libertarian dove like me, not like some comic [1:35:05] idiot like me who was just like I'm against war general Macrystal who was running the war in Afghanistan before he got caught saying bad things about Obama and got kicked out of there uh...
the Rolling Stone story with uh...
Michael Hastings the late great Michael guys things that might have yeah well I don't know about that but but general Macrystal this tough hard-nosed general he was the one who coined the term insurgent math and he said what's 10 minus two a lot of you might think it's eight but the answer's 20 when we're talking about insurgents 10 minus two equals 20 because you killed two insurgents and each one of them had brothers and uncles and nephews and friends, and now they all join up the resistance movement, because they're all so radicalized by the fact that you just killed someone they loved.
And this has been the nature of this dynamic from the beginning of it.
And so, yeah, it's like just saying that to the concern that if [1:36:04] Israel was to grant the Palestinians their freedom, that what if then this led to some swelling in Hamas, I think the truth is that doing what you're doing now is much more likely to increase Hamas or Hamas-like organizations.
Because you know, so basically it's like credit card debt.
It's like basically they keep using their credit card and they're never gonna be able to pay off the debt.
It's just kind of rising and rising and rising and your monthly payments keep getting higher and higher and you're fucked.
Yeah, but again, like I will say, that the one nice example, or the one silver lining to all of this, is that there are so many examples throughout the world where things were so off I mean you just never could have imagined that like Germany could live right there in Europe next to all these kind of they just went to two world wars with each other you know what I mean of that but they do they travel by train to visit each other yeah that's right and everyone's trust dude I went last year and did like stand up in a I went to London and then you get on like a 45 minute [1:37:07] flight and you go over to Ireland and you just like, ah, you guys are right next to each other.
Everyone's just coming out to the shows and we're having fun and it's just cool.
And like so there is something beautiful about that where you it's it in the moment it seems like this could never be solved.
But like, that's not necessarily true.
The truth is that human, most human beings are incentivized by wanting to live their life and wanting to take care of their family and wanting to, you know what I mean?
Like, and if given an option to do that, rather than losing their sons in war, a lot of times they'll choose that.
But in order for that to happen, the, look, Israel has all of the power.
And the Palestinian people have virtually not.
The only thing they have the power to do is to, you know, I guess support these acts of terrorism, which are essentially like celebrating losing.
[1:38:02] It's so sick and dark that you're like, aha, we'll kill a few of your people and then get way more of our people killed than you, it's just like that's the only thing they have.
Aside from that, every peaceful effort that they make ends up being violently suppressed.
And Israel has all of the power.
And in order to get to that step, it's on the ones with the power have to make some concessions.
And the only order to get to that step, it's on the ones with the power have to make some concessions.
And the only way to get there is for Israel to like, at least back on some path toward like, hey, we are going to give you like your sovereignty at some point.
There was some recent discussion of rebuilding Gaza where they were talking about what they could do for that area.
Once they rebuild it.
What's the plan on that?
Well, there's been a lot of different things floated out, and of course Israel is always kind of talking out of both sides of their mouth.
So like on one moment, they'll be like, we just want Hamas.
We just have to get Hamas out of there.
[1:39:00] And then they'll be like, well, we really do think that every country should take in a fair share of the guys and people like they're floating out the idea of just cleansing the entire area.
I know that the the UN I think recently said that it would take 80 years to rebuild Gaza and I don't know if that I don't trust UN numbers exactly.
Rebuilding Gaza to take this.
Oh two decades.
Oh two decades.
This is the billion over two decades.
Well someone just got paid.
Well, right, exactly.
So what's the real thing?
But nobody building is very profitable.
Well, that's for sure.
Yeah, oh, there's money to be made in the destruction.
There's money to be made in the rebuilding.
And people will make that money.
But I think that the truth is that Israel has not at all laid out what the endgame of this is other than this assertion that we must get rid of Hamas entirely, even though US and Israeli intelligence have both said that that's impossible.
It's not an achievable task.
Hamas is popping back up in the areas that they've already leveled and they can go into [1:40:02] Rafa.
I'm sure they can kill some homos militants in there but homos or homos like groups are coming back how many think they've killed so far no idea and i don't think they know but what are the numbers i think they exist they've they've claimed um...
that they've i saw like at one point they said they've killed eight thousand and they said ten thousand and fourteen thousand i i don't know honestly i have no idea what the real number is and i don't i don't think the israeli government knows and i don't think uh...
i think probably the cousin uh...
health ministry doesn't know either it's like very difficult work to wall this is all going on identify bodies and figure out how many of them are dead and how many of them were joined up with Hamas or weren't you know Hamas is also not like it's not a government it's not like as if there's like um you know it's not like okay if you were like say tracking like in America there was a big [1:41:01] you know like explosion a bunch of people died and you could look at like DNA records and who was enlisted in the military and and you could just match them up against each other.
It's not scientific like that, or at least it's much more primitive than that.
So I really wouldn't venture to guess.
And I also don't know how accurate the numbers when they say 35,000 people have died.
It seems within the realm of possibility.
He's a lot of people missing, right?
And that's part of the problem.
Yeah, well, they said, the most recent figures that they put out, again, this is the Gaza Health Ministry, which is overseen by Hamasab, take that with a grain of salt or whatever, but they said there's like, I think 10,000 who they weren't able to identify.
Cusion, the horror of just walking down those streets.
So if there are 10,000, how many of them can you smell?
You know, I mean, you just look around, you just see wreckage and you smell rotting bodies.
[1:42:00] Oh, dude, and just the worst things in the world.
Insane.
It must be insane to live there before October 6th when it was already prison to see it now.
And it's continuing, right?
It's going on right now.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
No one then imagine, like, imagine, you know, and there's constantly like the defenders of this military campaign will say, oh, they drop warning bombs and they drop leaflets and they tell you, no problem, just leave.
But you're talking about people who are like, first of all, they live at least a large percentage of them.
Live in a level of poverty that none of us have ever experienced.
Just telling people, just leave and head out to the, and people almost have like in their mind that like what is there like some sophisticated refugee camp waiting for them with tents and water and food?
Like no, they're just telling them like go, go out into the desert, go out into this other place.
You have nothing, it's not that easy.
Like you might have little children with you or old people with you, it's not that easy to just leave.
And then when they leave and they go in a rafa, which was supposed to be safe, they go, [1:43:05] oh yeah, now we're invading rafa.
So leave again.
Where do you go exactly?
Who knows?
And again, like, look dude, it's just, again, I just think that whenever you're talking about these things, when you're talking about like inflicting this level of human suffering on a group of people, like whoever's defending that man, the onus is on you to demonstrate that there's absolutely no other way to do it.
And the other reason why I bring up this point all the time about Israel propping up Hamas as this strategy is that it doesn't that at least change the narrative because if you just go, which a lot of people are, they'll just be like, well look, look what happened on October 7th, look how horrible that is, nobody could stand for anybody doing that.
And therefore, Hamas has to go.
And so whatever happens in that process, hey, that's on Hamas.
And I guess on some superficial level, [1:44:01] I can understand that.
But once you know that they were propping up Hamas specifically so that they wouldn't have to give the innocent Palestinians their own state.
And now they get to use that group that they propped up as the excuse, whether allowed to just slaughter these people.
That's just like, that's a whole different level of, that's just, no, that's fucked up, man.
That's just not, and all these terms get conflated.
There'll be, like, doesn't Israel have the right to defend itself?
You're like, yeah, but see, now you're manipulating this idea of self-defense, which is a natural right.
You could argue the most natural human right is the right to defend, you know, the right to life, and then the right to defend your life.
But the right to defense is like, so imagine like me and you were hanging out at your house and someone like broke into your house and kills me and then points the gun at you and you grab your gun and you killed that guy.
You'd be like, well, yeah, you had the right to defend yourself.
You know what I mean?
He's on your property.
He broke into your property.
[1:45:01] He just killed your friend.
He's trying to kill you and you're like, no, you have the right to defend yourself, no question.
But, or you could even argue, right?
Say like in the human shield example, he's holding a little baby as he's shooting at me and then shooting, and you shoot and you hit the baby and him.
You could say, hey, that's horrible, but that was on him.
But now you're talking about like a guy breaks into your house, shoots and kills me, runs and leaves, retreats back to his house where you know his wife and his five kids are.
And so you blow up the house and you're like, well, look, I have a right to defend myself.
And you're like, okay, but this is a slightly different concept than just like the right of self-defense as we all understand it.
This is more like the right to revenge, the right to justice, which okay, I'm not, I believe in justice and I think all of the people involved in October 7th should face justice for what they did, a horrific terrorist attack.
But there's a very different question between like defending the country of Israel and enacting justice against those people.
[1:46:01] If it means like babies get crushed to death and rubble and parents get killed in front of their children and all of the horror that's been going on.
What do you think Hamas thought Israel was gonna do?
This.
I think this was the plan.
So you think they wanted Israel to do this?
Yeah.
I think Hamas doesn't care about Palestinian life.
And they like, I think are, Hamas doesn't care about Palestinian life.
And they, like I think are, I think the goal, the goal in asymmetric warfare is almost always to provoke an over-reaction out of your opponent, right?
So like Osama bin Laden never thought he could destroy America by taking down the twin towers, but he thought he could lure us into a war in Afghanistan that could bankrupt our country just like he was trained by the CIA to do with the Soviet Union, right?
Like that was kind of the plan.
And likewise, I think that Hamas knew that [1:47:02] Israel would overreact in this way and look, I mean, look what's happening, totally turn global opinion against them, and put themselves in more jeopardy than they've ever been in.
There's almost nothing that anyone else could have done to Israel that would have put that country in more jeopardy than what they've just done to Gaza.
This is like never going away for them.
And I don't think a lot of Israelis or pro-Israeli Americans have really grappled with this fact.
You could get into the semantics of arguing whether this is a genocide or not a genocide, which I never get into.
By the way, I just don't care about, whether you call it that term or call it a different term.
Whatever it is is real.
But the fact that the international court of justice ruled that this is a plausible genocide is so wild that they ruled that the Jewish state is committing a genocide?
Like that's just such a different way of looking at things than all of us grew up with like, no, the Jews were the victims of genocide, not the perpetrators of it.
[1:48:02] And I am Jewish and I do resent that they've kind of put that into the public mind and to some degree because there's a case to be made for it.
But Israel is really playing with fire here.
I think they're in a more precarious position than they've ever been in my lifetime for sure.
Jesus Christ.
What do you think happened that I ran in, dude?
You know, I think that's just a crash in the fall.
I think so.
That is kind of my, yeah.
Like I've, you know, of course, you always in some weird perverse way want the more exciting story.
Don't fly in the fucking fog in a helicopter.
How about that?
Well, I asked a few of my real smart friends, like I was calling them a bad eye called Scott Horton earlier today and I was like, what do you think about those?
And he was like, that does seem like bad weather.
And like he was like, because they couldn't even like recover it.
[1:49:00] You know what I mean?
Because the weather was so bad right and also it's not taking out the um...
the aranian president doesn't really do anything anyway i told that i was who has the whole yet they'll put another they'll put another president and it'll be the exact same thing and i just don't think i my guess is that it was just bad weather but i'm totally open to there might be some evidence that comes out that it was something else.
It's always more fun to think it's some secret squirrel shit.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think this one might have just been bad weather though.
It turns out it's really not safe to fly a helicopter in bad weather.
No, it's fucking terrifying.
You can't see.
Fly right into mountains.
Yeah.
That's not good.
No, it's not good.
I don't know.
Do you find helicopters to have?
Yeah, they don't make me feel good.
Yeah.
People tell me they're fine.
They know how to do it, they're safe.
They know how to auto rotate on the way down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Whatever.
Whatever.
That thing seems weird.
[1:50:00] I'm sure that's what they told the Iranian president.
Well, I mean, do they have helicopters that can operate through the clouds just like an airplane does?
Right, where they know exactly where they are at any given time.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I have no knowledge on this subject, but I just feel I've never been in a helicopter and I don't want to.
It doesn't seem like as sophisticated a method of flying.
I just feel like helicopter, Lys life has been going pretty good for me and I'm just going to keep riding down this path where you don't go on helicopters.
Ber has a license and he took me up really?
Yeah, Bill Ber.
He's really good, really good at flying helicopters.
I have the handful of times I've been in helicopters with him.
We're flying around downtown LA.
You can just fly around.
That's it's weird.
They don't tell you where you can go and not go.
I mean, I'm sure they do.
But for the most part, once you say you're going to go to a specific area, you can just kind of fly around.
So, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's weird.
So you have a helicopter because they're below the airplanes.
I don't know why.
I was at something in the middle of it.
[1:51:05] He's like, yeah, like it.
You're like, dude, focus man.
No, he's very focused when he flies a helicopter.
He's very, very serious about it.
But he took me around these buildings and you just flying around buildings in downtown LA.
I'm like, this is crazy.
You just fly right by these skyscrapers.
I cool.
It is cool.
But I don't want to do it.
It's very, it's kind of beautiful.
Like you're just flying around and it's kind of leisurely because they don't go that fast.
Right, right.
Right.
Right.
Just leisurely flying around downtown.
I'm like, this is crazy.
And then you look at a lot of those buildings on downtown LA, they all have like helicopter landing pads on the roof.
Like this is bonkers.
Yeah.
I mean, okay, I understand the appeal from him that does seem fun.
Yeah, it's fun.
But then you know, you don't want to end up like this Iranian guy.
Yeah.
There's Bill.
There.
Fucking Bill Burf.
Yeah.
Oh, fucking Cheyenne a flat.
It's helicopter with my fucking...
Oh, how dare you wear that paper boy hat when you made fun of me?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha He famously said, I had a little rascal sat on it.
I like it.
This is like right after that he went and bought the hat.
[1:52:06] Yeah, it's a good look.
Yeah.
He's awesome.
Him and Tim Dylan are the very best at ranting, like buy themselves on a podcast.
They're the only podcasts that I listen to where God just goes off 100% by himself, Bill really by himself.
Like the Tim Dylan has a producer that's like a built in one man audience.
Right.
Who he kind of plays off of him.
Yeah.
And he's great.
But he's even us one person is enough for Tim Dylan.
Like Tim Dylan can rant with one person better than anybody on the planet.
But he's very smart in the way he does it.
Like have his producer right there.
So he's saying funny things for his producers, producers laughing.
Right.
And then so he'll do that also in podcast, same kind of thing, you know, whereas Burr is just him by himself.
Yeah.
I know like read like someone will just ask him like the most kind of basic question.
Yeah.
And then like he's just reading their question.
And then it just launches him into [1:53:02] this thing that like, you know, he wasn't even planning on talking about none of this.
Right.
And then it just launches him into this thing that like, you know, he wasn't even planning on talking about none of this, and then it just launches and it's beautiful.
Yeah, both those guys are the best.
Yeah, Dylan's the best though, at just being hilarious about anything by himself.
Dude, I mean, I met Tim like pretty early, he was pretty new when I first met him.
And he was definitely like, I mean, he, he wasn't as, you know, like, he didn't have the chops that he has now.
He wasn't as polished as he is now.
But he was, he was very green.
He was brand new.
But I remember just like hearing a few of his rants on podcasts and you were like, yo, this guy is going to be like a force of nature.
Well, it's like, I almost like, it's almost like you see, it's like if you were watching Michael Jordan plan high school or something like that, and then you just saw one move and you were like, oh, shit.
That's what we're doing.
That now?
All right.
All right, fine.
Well, he came, it's such a unique perspective.
A gay, right wing guy who used to sell subprime mortgages and did a lot of drugs.
[1:54:06] I'm not, I'm still not convinced he's gay.
I'm convinced he used to sell subprime mortgages.
That's that for sure happens.
I'm convinced he did a lot of drugs.
That I believe.
Yeah.
That I believe.
Gay thing.
You know what?
It's funny because every now and then you'll Tim, but it's there.
Look, you have to plug in glasses.
Oh my God.
And he puts those glasses on, so he's like, he's in his own little world.
And you just say the most wild shit about everybody.
Did you see the Nancy Pelosi debate with the dude from Mumford?
No, I still haven't watched it.
I did.
I know you asked me if I had seen it and then my buddy Rob Bernstein who co-hosts my podcast with me, part of the problem.
He was like, dude, you gotta watch it, but I just have not.
I've been constantly traveling.
Yeah, dude.
He handed her...
Well, I can't believe Nancy Pelosi actually did an Oxford style debate.
That just seems ridiculous.
Who told her that was a good idea i don't know i mean i guess she thought winston is just like this [1:55:08] fucking musician he's in a banjo player what's going on here polosi interrupted by anti israeli a polosi reboot for uh to her face during oxford debate after condemning americans clouded by guns gays god what what does that mean clouded by guns gays god what what does that mean clouded by guns gays god what does that mean what does that mean she's so crazy oh baby there's guns and gays and gods oh my god challenging policy's position in the debate about populism Winston Marshall a musician who is once part of memfredded sons now hosts the Marshall Matters podcast for the spectators Spoke in opposition to the Oxford Union motion that this house believes populism is a threat to democracy.
That is a crazy argument that populism is a threat to democracy.
Well like it's I swear to God whenever you whenever you hear people like Nancy Pelosi or Hillary Clinton or any of them use the term democracy, just in your mind, substitute what they mean by democracy is our rule over you.
[1:56:11] Like in a sense, that's what they mean.
It's like, oh yeah, populism is a threat to you guys ruling us.
Yes.
And that's kind of true.
That's exactly what she's saying.
She just knows she's saying that.
I will say there's a really great debate.
She just knows she's saying that I will say there's a there's a really great debate.
I believe it was the monk The it was it was between David from and Oh god, I'm blanking on his name.
Trump's big advisor.
Oh Man, I'm blanking on his name.
I'm just I'm usually pretty good with names guys But what is the guy who like masterminded Trump's 2016 campus?
Yes, Steve Bannon.
So Steve Bannon and David from David from was a speech writer for George W.
Bush and Steve Bannon debated populism and the crowd was so hostile to Bannon.
And he actually did a very good job in the debate.
I highly [1:57:03] recommend everyone listen to it if you're interested in this stuff because he basically laid out how the whole Trumpist populist movement is a result of your failures.
Like who are you, George W.
Bush speechwriter to look at us and say like, why is there this populism?
Gee, I wonder why?
Maybe it's because the elites mismanaged everything.
And so then there was like a movement that rose up, like, hey, these elites are screwing you over.
It's, populism is, it's not a sign that you have a healthy society.
It's a symptom of a cause.
You know, it's like, it's in the same way, I don't mean you have talked about this a bunch before, but in the same ways when all these people will be like, you know, we need to have trust in our institutions.
And you're like, well, yeah.
But we also need institutions that don't lie to us.
And when they do lie to us, you can't turn around and say, hey, you have to trust these institutions.
Like, no, the problem started with you not being trustworthy.
Yeah.
Not with us not trusting you.
[1:58:01] I think people are starting to understand that better now.
I really do.
I do too.
I think there's been a pretty significant shift towards people being very skeptical about bullshit now, where it's just, there's gonna be a ton of people, and some of these people, by the way, are paid.
And this is what I've talked to people recently that are either...
they their stream or their uh...
you two personalities or their instagram social media personalities and they have a certain number of followers and they offer them thousands of dollars to do political posts thousands of dollars to talk about specific political issues there's no money in my politics you know what's the worst?
What if you have a really big account?
Like what if you have a big account like mine?
We have like 19 million followers and someone says, hey, we would love to pay you, you know, to support blah, blah, blah.
[1:59:00] You know, that is creepy, man.
That's legal.
That's creepy that you can pay people for their support for a political issue because it's this weird gray area where it's social media engagement.
And I'm sure there's also like, there's probably like a few like steps between, like it's not like a campaign is directly paying, you know, it's like a super pack or a group that was funded by that super pack and then you could with a straight face say, I've never taken any money from the Biden campaign.
Come on.
Yeah, but you did take money from a group who's basically Biden's campaign.
Right.
With the NIH did with gain of function research.
We didn't find anything.
Nothing to do with it.
Oh, this subsidiary, oh yeah, this company that we fund.
Yeah, yeah, right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
their nationalist.
What they're amazing at.
And I've kind of like marveled at it, [2:00:06] like over the last few years, especially when I do this show.
Like I mean, there's other, there's some other shows that I do that are like pretty big shows, but there's just nothing like this show, like the response to it that you get.
And especially for me, because I come say like controversial things on this and like the the response that you can be accurate.
I mean, it's bonkers.
Dude, okay, so the probably the biggest one up until, I don't know, but maybe the biggest one was that when we were talking about the war in Ukraine.
So this was like a couple of years ago, I guess was the first time I came on and we were really talking about it.
The beginning ish of the war.
And I basically made this whole case for how uh...
nato expansion is basically what provoked this war and that that was vladimir putons big gripe right and uh...
i mean i thought i totally backed it up with like listen this is what all of these experts themselves said you know russian experts right i'm saying american experts [2:01:01] heads of nato all of this stuff and uh...
i mean the reaction I got from blue check journalist back when that meant you were a corporate journalist.
I Joe Scarborough was furious at me because this guy is saying that NATO provoked Vladimir Putin's invasion because of course the New York Times and CNN and their favorite term was unprovoked.
These are completely unprovoked.
And I don't know by the way if you caught this and I don't say this just to run a victory lap, but kind of 50% for that reason.
But just late last year, the head of NATO, Straussenberg, Jen Straussenberg or something like that, Norwegian guy, but he just came out and said, and he almost said it like so nonchalantly.
He said that Vladimir Putin, before he invaded, asked NATO, he said, if you just put in writing that you won't ever put Ukraine in NATO, I won't invade.
But if you don't do that, I'm gonna invade.
And then he was bragging, he goes, and we refused.
We refused to agree to that.
[2:02:02] And then he was kinda going, and look, now NATO's gonna expand even more.
So see how stupid Vladimir Putin is.
But like number one, he just totally admitted that all that thing that everyone was saying was such a controversial statement two years ago that this had anything to do with NATO expansion.
It's like, well, the head of NATO just said that's what the whole thing was about.
And that he wouldn't have invaded if he had just agreed to not expand NATO more.
And then number two, you're like, oh, so you're just bragging that you didn't do that.
So what?
Hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians have died now.
We could have just made an agreement that Ukraine won't be in NATO and not done any of this.
That seems better.
But when you say it, when I said it two years ago, every like, anyway, my point is just that they really act like you're crazy.
Yeah, like you're crazy.
Like you're an insane person.
When you're saying something that you're like, no, this is like very common sense and clearly true.
I don't think they even understand the history of it, even the people that are commentators.
I think there's some.
A lot of them don't.
That are jack of all trades, right?
They're jack of all trades in regards to their understanding of the economy, international conflict, you know, techist issues.
[2:03:08] You know what, I sent you this months ago, but this really was kind of eye opening to me.
So there's this guy, Liam Crossgrove, and he works for Greyzone.
He's a reporter over there.
And so he made, he basically did like this guerrilla journalism type thing where he was going up and asking congressman questions and then he made like a video where he kind of spliced it together.
And there was like, there was some stuff of me on this podcast in the video and some stuff of my guy Scott Horton, who by the way is great over at anti-war.com that his whole team over there is incredible.
But so he made this video where he goes up to all these uh...
these congressmen and congresswomen and he asks them what they think about net and yahu's uh...
propping up a moss for all of these years and to a man to a woman all of them just have this deer and head lights look [2:04:03] and they're like uh...
sorry what reporter are you referring to?
I'm sorry, I haven't seen that.
I'd be interested to see that, but I haven't seen that.
What are you talking about?
And you just, right away, none of them know.
None of them even have the faggiest idea what you're talking about.
And you almost realize that weirdly, it was even eye-opening to me and I was like, I talk about this stuff all the time, but you just kind of realize where it's like, oh, like, yeah, that's not their job.
Their job isn't to like read books about this stuff and read newspaper articles and keep up with what's going.
Their job is to fundraise for their next election that they have and to whip votes for this thing that this lobbyist wanted.
I know if I get what this lobbyist wanted, he's going to contribute to my campaign.
And if I do, it's like they're in a different world.
They're not in the world of like actually thinking about this conflict and knowing things and learning more about it.
Just like being the president, they have to have a comprehensive understanding [2:05:00] of everything.
Everything.
Right.
Everything.
Where's impossible.
Which is not possible.
It's not possible.
And the other thing is they're always talking like they're in a position of expertise.
One of my favorite interviews was when AOC was talking to that lady and she asked her to expand.
That Israel Palestine.
Oh my God.
She just collapsed into herself.
It's literally like a fifth crater that didn't study.
Yes.
And then they ask you about the subject, or you didn't read the book.
And then, well, you know, it's about Billion is dog and really good relationship these dogs.
But the crazy thing about that interview is that it's like, okay, so her first comment comes off with like total authority, you know?
And then like one little follow up question.
The question's like, well, what do you mean by that?
And then you just see her get weaker and weaker.
And then like, well, my, but what do you mean by that?
It's like, I don't know what I'm talking about, man.
But she literally goes, I'm really not the expert.
She just gave up.
But she kept going before she gave up.
She tried.
And you're supposed to know about that if you talk about that it's not that hard to educate yourself on it.
[2:06:07] Oh no a little bit at least.
I mean some I have an understanding of the history of the conflict.
It is a crazy convoluted one.
Yeah, this is it.
This is it.
Yeah, yeah, sure.
I also think that what people are starting to see, at least in the occupation of Palestine, is just an increasing crisis of humanitarian condition.
And that, to me, is just where I tend to come from on this issue.
You use the term the occupation of Palestine?
What did you mean by that?
Oh, I think what I meant is the settlements that are increasing.
No, that's not what the occupation means.
Oh, it keeps getting better.
Palestinians are experiencing difficulty and access to their housing and homes.
[2:07:03] Do you think you can expand on that?
Yeah, I mean, I think I'd also just, I am not the expert geopolicyc on this issue.
That lady, by the way, knew exactly what she was doing.
Oh, of course.
She goes, oh, I'm gonna expose this chick.
I'm gonna expose her.
She's, and you know what's great?
I kind of agree with AOC's starting statement, but then you're like, hey, you gotta have something here, man.
You gotta know what you're talking about.
Yeah, and also, this is not, again, it's not the place for that.
You have five minutes or whatever you got.
Whatever that interview is, there's not a chance that you can lay out the history of this conflict.
But there's also different chords and all the different.
Yes, yes, of course.
But there's also this weird thing in corporate media where there's almost like an unspoken, unwritten agreement that like, look, if you just have a few talking points, you can get through an interview and sound really confident in yourself and sound like, hey, that guy knows [2:08:00] what he's talking about, you know?
And as long as say like if I'm interviewing you, as long as I kind of agree that I'm just going to let you say you're talking points, right?
Then you can come out looking really good.
But as soon as one like interviewer like this one decides like, no, I'm going to make an example out of you now.
And the big thing about the bullshit.
She did it.
She just kept asking her to expand.
That's what you mean by that.
Yeah expand.
She's not challenging her.
She's literally just giving her the easiest of softballs Yep, and there's nothing there.
Yeah, and that's and that's right and of course AOC You know, I don't almost feel bad like because she was such a like I think she was in her 20s in this video Like she's just they also kind of knew that like that here's this woman who just is totally not up to the task It doesn't know anything.
You see the Marjorie Taylor green, the outburst.
These are the best of the best ladies and gentlemen.
These are our representatives.
This is our Jerry Springer government.
That's what he was like.
Let's see you see, color baby girl.
She's like, oh baby girl, like they went full.
[2:09:01] Oh no, you didn't.
You said, bitch, I will fuck you up.
They went fucking you.
Marjorie Taylor's insulting her.
She's insulting Marjorie Taylor's body.
It was, dude, it was wild.
You're like, no, we can't, just when you think like, this country's gotten so dumb, you're like, oh, are we actually here?
But are we actually here?
Do you remember we used to watch those videos videos of like Parliament breaking out in other countries like Kazakhstan or some shit they'd go and we'd be like that could never happen here Listen to what things that so she gives her shit chaos on capital hill Fine see if you can find the raw footage of it so we know so she starts talking shit Marjorie Taylor green says maybe couldn't read because you your fake eyelashes and the other was like, oh, no, you didn't strike that shit from the record.
And then she said, yeah, I said, she has a blitch body.
The Marjorie Taylor, but she did it in the like the caddy pass of aggressive way.
You know, we're here.
[2:10:02] Well, you don't want to talk about, I think your fake eyelashes are messing up.
No, I know.
Hold on, hold on.
This is...
Order, Mr.
Chairman.
That's beneath you.
We're here.
We're here.
We're here.
Beneath even you.
Keep going.
And I would like to move to take down Miss Green's words.
That is absolutely unacceptable.
How dare you, a lady who's a fan, lady who's a fan.
Are your feelings hurt?
Her words down.
Oh, oh, oh, girl, baby girl.
Oh, really?
Don't even play, baby girl.
We are gonna move and we're gonna take your words down.
Thank you.
I second that motion.
That's amazing.
Don't even play.
Okay.
A three degrees to stricker words.
don't even play.
Okay.
I believe you should apologize.
No, no, no, no.
Okay, hold on.
Then after Mr.
Perry, you'll be recognized in Ms.
Perry.
I'm not apologizing.
Well, then you're not apologizing.
Okay, we're sure that you're working.
I am not apologizing.
Let's go.
I'm just curious.
Just to better understand your ruling.
If someone on this committee then starts talking about somebody's bleach blonde bad built [2:11:05] bush body that would not be engaged in a personality correct solid alliteration what now chairman bond bad butch body it's a genuinely kind of impressed with the alliteration off the top of the head that was pretty good the bleach bond built built, bad built, butch body.
Yeah, that's not bad.
It's not bad.
She thought about it for a while.
She probably had that in her head.
Yeah, it's a little time.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's right, that's right.
There was some time there.
There was a little Twitter spaces.
Like the next line should be like, you are not the father.
Like it's just the middle of this chaos.
That's Jerry Spray.
I'm gonna get insane.
Those are our representatives.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's insanity.
I mean, other countries have to be laughing at that.
Yeah, I would.
If I was China, I'd This is amazing.
How could we have known our plan would work so well?
[2:12:07] So well.
And it is really wild.
So well.
Yeah.
And this is what, this is who votes on more.
I mean, they don't actually get the vote on more if it makes you feel any better.
But the only thing that gives me hope is that maybe enough competent people will see these folks and go, you know what, I have to fucking run.
Like this is ridiculous.
Like this is absolutely ridiculous.
Maybe some successful business people that were on the edge, also push them towards the, you know, just someone who just cut the fucking shit.
Or even if not running, I do think there's thing, like look, like Elon Musk buying Twitter, I do think was kind of like a move of kind of like okay he's not gonna run for office that's probably not his calling in life but he was like okay he can't be present well that's right well he couldn't be present but he could run for something else but that's not Elon Musk's best use of his abilities but to buy Twitter and just be like hey look I see what's going on here we're gonna make this one social media platform that isn't in lockstep with all of the other progressive [2:13:05] ones.
Things like that are really important.
So, they make it so that you could have been born somewhere else and be president in the United States.
Running Twitter, SpaceX, and Tesla while being president is the most Elon Musk thing.
That's true.
That he wouldn't even step down.
It's not important.
I can get it all done.
I can get it all done in 20 minutes.
Have a few meetings.
Well, I mean, but then if you did that, the thing is like that's just what all the conspiracy theorists are fearing about these people coming into the country.
They're fearing that the people coming into the country, what they're going to do is offer them citizenship in regards to in in replacement of military service.
So they'll they'll serve the military then become citizens and then if there's like some sort of a crazy thing breaks out, well then you have your immigrant army against the original people that we're here when they got here.
Yeah.
No, I mean there's a lot of like there's a lot of concerns with that.
[2:14:00] Yeah, because otherwise, AOC reveals darker intentions behind Margetell Agreed, you and K.
She said that she kind of did this on purpose to derail the actual hearing they were having.
Because after that happened and they went into chaos, they stopped doing what they were there to do, actually, and just had like a vote without having any amendments or any more discussion.
It's a microcosm, what authoritarians do on larger scale.
I don't think she's thinking that far ahead.
Margetella Green is a wild lady.
She's saying she had a master crown.
She's saying wild shit.
I think she was just insulting her eyelashes.
Yeah, she's insulting her.
She's just talking shit.
I mean, I don't know.
I wasn't there, but I can't imagine that she's doing this as like some 4D chess move.
I don't see her behaving like Netanyahu.
I think she's doing a moss here.
I think the simplest explanation is that she just wanted to insult that chick, that's my guess.
Because they were talking, they were insulting each other, right?
Because she said, you don't know what you're talking about.
[2:15:01] She said something about, you didn't even read it.
Like I think you're messing up with your fucking fake eyelashes.
Yeah, she tried in first saying, do you know what we're here for?
But that was after she was saying that she was derailing it right away.
I don't think you know what you're here for.
I think your fake eyelashes are messing up what you're reading.
So the other girl, what did the other lady say before that?
To her cut off that we didn't see in that clip.
That's where I was just going like, if she maybe she didn't think it was the whole thing, but also maybe someone just said before, hey, if you get a chance to fuck this up, go for it.
I suppose it's possible.
It's possible.
It's certainly possible.
It's always possible.
And I just don Hey, I need you to like mess this up and draw it out.
She'd be like no problem That's my special thing because I could do that for you.
Oh, you're telling me to turn this into a shit show No problem.
I'll do a bump a coke before she does it crack her neck Let's go.
Oh, you got the right bitch for the job on this one.
I'll tell you yeah [2:16:06] You know my favorite guy was that the gay dude who lied about his past completely.
Santos.
Yeah.
And now I just talk shit about everybody.
I know.
Dude, his lies were so crazy too.
They would be lies.
It wasn't even lies with a political benefit to it or something.
It was just a lie.
It was as captain of the volleyball team at Harvard and they were like, not only did you not play volleyball, you never went to Harvard.
Like none of this is real, like just making up things where you're like, none of this even really saw that.
Did you really see that?
I just made that one up, just making that one up.
It was like a lie like that.
What did you like about Jamie?
When you hear him interview, he's fucking hilarious where he turns on.
I'm talking about how they're all stealing money and this one's the.
This one's the worst.
That's great.
Well, he's a con man in a fucking sea of con man.
According to New York Mag, he lied about this.
Like a donor's, you literally lie to donors, then use their money to make [2:17:01] purchases at Hermes and only fans.
and use their money to make purchases at Hermes and only fans.
This is the first time.
This is the first time.
Ah, he used campaign money for personal travel and Botox.
Oh my God, I love this guy.
Who led you to lie to collect unemployment benefits?
Oh my God, that's so funny.
He's charged with, hold on a second.
He's charged stealing people's identities and making charges on his own donors credit cards what we're going i'm just going down the list yet but i'm reading it where we're right here this is where i was okay well stealing people's identities and making charges on his own donors credit cards without their authorization lying to the f.e.c.
and by extension the public about the financial state of his campaign so santo's falsely inflated the campaigns reported receipts with non-existent loans and contributions that were either fabricators, stolen one.
So he's just making up money, making up numbers about how much money they had, stealing people's money.
Dude, spending campaign contributions on only fountains [2:18:00] and Botox is just the, I mean, it's hard not to read for that guy.
Oh, listen, they're all crooks.
Look, the inside trading is off the truck.
That is, it is so crazy that that's legal.
It's so crazy that that's legal.
So while that's going on, you're gonna get mad this guy for this.
This seems minor.
Dude, you look at, no, that's it.
And that's what's so kind of like funny about it, is that like, you think about, um, dude, the Clintons?
Okay, Bill and Hillary Clinton have since I was a little kid, I mean, I, maybe since I'm, basically since I was like four or five years old, was when he was governor in Arkansas.
They were, their entire career is they were public servants and they ran a charity.
And there were like a hundred million dollars or something like that.
Like wait a minute, huh?
You guys haven't been practicing law any of this time.
You haven't been working in some industry where you've made tons of money.
You were public servants who make healthy salaries, but not like that's gonna put you [2:19:05] in the hundreds of millions of dollars, and you ran a charity, the Clinton Foundation.
And now somehow you're, Barack and Michelle Obama, they just, he goes into the White House, look at the house he lives in now.
It's like, so you're, every, it's, there is almost something where everyone turns at Santos, because obviously like that's such a cartoonish, easy version of it.
But it is kind of wild that there's so much outrage against this guy.
And it's like in the same sense where there'll be corruption and say some Eastern European countries.
There's corruption where the level of corruption is like, if you get pulled over by the cop, you could slip him some money and he'll let you go.
Now, we don't have that in America, right?
Like you don't, you can't really ever slip a cop money when he pulls you over in America.
You may wish you could in certain situations, but you can't really do that.
No, I'm not saying it's never happened, but you really can't do that in America.
But we have like the prison guard union lobbying to keep mandatory minimums on marijuana.
[2:20:08] So like, okay, you could look down your nose at this primitive form of corruption, but think about how fucked up that is.
You know what I mean?
And that's just all it is is just corruption on a much, much bigger level.
But it's legal corruption.
Exactly.
And everyone just accepts it.
It's a wild time, my friend, because people have access to information now that allows them to really see all this stuff.
Like the insider trading thing is probably mid and going on forever.
But we didn't even hear about until about a decade ago.
Yeah.
Very rarely came up.
I was just kind of accepted that like all of these people are rich.
Yeah, and we don't really know where they got their money from.
Except Jimmy Carter.
And that's one of the things that people loved about Jimmy Carter.
As Jimmy Carter to the end, really just maintained a very simple lifestyle, you know, and just never chased money.
He never was that guy.
[2:21:00] He didn't do those crazy speeches where he talks to bankers and makes half a million dollars for some strange reason Yeah, like those those speeches are wonderful because those are the cutest those are the cutest ones It's like wait a minute your policies benefited these corporations and then surprise surprise Those people after you leave office want to hear you talk so badly They're willing to fuck the market up.
Yeah, well, I'll tell you, this is hundreds of thousands of dollars to come talk.
This is also, I think, where there's a flaw.
Okay, so this is maybe one of the reasons why I'm a libertarian and not a progressive.
I mean, there's many reasons, but one of the things that I think a lot of progressives, I think are like well-intentioned.
Their big thing will be like, we got to get the money out of politics.
And what they mean by that is that we can't let, you know, say corporations contribute to political campaigns or something like that, because then of course they're just basically buying corruption.
But I think like the flaw, like Jank Eugur and people like that, that's like his big issue, you know, is get the money out of politics.
[2:22:02] I think the flaw in that is that, yeah, but they always find a way to get, because look, those speeches, that's not contributing to anyone's campaign.
And that's not technically rewarding you for bailing out the big banks.
It's just you happen to bail out the big banks and then they happen to really want to listen to what you have to say after that.
And we, of course, the book deals warranted.
People want to read your book.
It's like the idea that you could ever close down on every single loophole.
Look, the Saudis weren't allowed to contribute money to Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign, because you're not allowed to do that.
But they could give $10 million to the Clinton Foundation.
And then once Hillary Clinton lost it, so weird, they stopped donating.
Look, I don't know.
They just stopped being interested in charity you know the house of south was really interested in charity for a while there in 2016 and then they stopped being so interested so essentially i think like the libertarian view on it is that it's like no no whatever rule you want to have if you have this much power in washington dc that power is going to be corrupted and people find a way the only answer is [2:23:01] to reduce the power yeah and isn't the charitable foundation thing, a sneaky tax way of making money?
Oh yeah, for sure.
There's, because there's a thing about charitable foundations, like everyone who's like really rich seems to have a foundation.
Yeah, yeah, I mean, I'm not the expert on that or anything else really, but I know that they certainly like get a whole bunch of tax breaks that you wouldn't get if you just started a business.
Well, not only that, but if they're doing things like Gates, for instance, to promote global health, right?
Right.
So he gets involved and he makes money of vaccines.
So he sells his stock and then starts talking badly about them.
Yeah.
I mean, that's pretty wild.
It's wild stuff.
It's wild.
It's wild that you can make money, like hundreds of millions of dollars while you're running a charitable organization.
But if you also think about it, like the hundreds of millions of dollars that these guys make off of that is nothing because the legislation that they're passing or the policy that they're [2:24:06] pushing is making these special interests hundreds of billions of dollars.
So if you buy off a politician for 20 million bucks and you get, you know, like a no-bid contract that's going to be worth 200 billion dollars to you, that's a pretty good return on investment.
There was a article about this particular area of Virginia that's like the most expensive real estate in the country and it's all where the lobbyists live.
And I think it is it Blinken who's house that they're picketing in front of that they've been essentially there since, see if you can find it.
I think it's Blinken's home that he has some crazy fucking set up there.
Some fucking dope ass old school mansion and they're all camping out in front of his house.
It's the Palestine, free Palestine people.
And so they've decided to constantly protest in front of his house.
Yeah, Anthony Blinkin's family is the latest target of Washington's ugliest protest trend.
[2:25:03] So they just camp out in front of his house and they're pouring blood on the ground.
It's a little weird to do with your baby.
Stop the genocide in Gaza.
And so I like this better than just blocking the road.
It's definitely better than blocking the road.
The blocking the road is the dumbest fucking thing of all time.
And you know, I mean, this is what people do if you're involved in war.
You know, if you're involved in people dying, welcome to Kubuts Blinken, oh Jesus.
Yeah, so I think they've been there like for months.
So, the articles from February 16th.
Yeah, I think they just, they, it's a constant encampment and they've got this thing We're just gonna protest protest in front of this guy's house I Do prefer taking it to the people who are actually somewhat responsible over just kind of in Gonna Jerry Seinfeld shows and yelling at him.
Yeah, yeah, this is at least makes more sense.
Yeah That guy's got sell that house.
Yeah, you know Dodge bro.
Yeah, there might be time to leave.
Don't worry, I'm sure the market's up.
[2:26:06] He'll do fine on that house.
I'm sure he probably has a couple other houses too.
Yeah.
You probably don't have to stay there.
But it really is.
Got one of them houses?
I've got a little spot over there, a little spot over here.
It is crazy though that they don't even feel the urge to like kind of not shove it in all of our faces.
Right.
That there's like, that this whole thing is just, you know, it's all just kind of like, oh, how much money can I extract from this pot and get myself wealthy?
You don't feel like any sense of...
And I will say, the one who I like kind of personally resent the most, which maybe is unfair, but is Obama.
Because so many of us did kind of buy into, at least to some degree the thing he was selling in 2008.
And you're like, wait, but you don't feel like you, have you seen pictures of the house he lives in?
Well, he's got multiple houses.
Is that one of Hawaii?
[2:27:00] Yeah, but I'm talking about the one in Mark Martin's Vineyard.
He's pretty dope on the article about the house that he had and there's a fun fact about the street that it's on Oh, yeah a bunch of Saudis own it right here.
At least five houses Also known as northern Virginia's gold coast the road features opulent homes on large properties Perch high above the Potomac with sweeping views such a state sell for tens of millions of dollars As was the case when aol co-founder Steve Case sold his estate to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for 43 million in 2018 this must be dope views.
Find us a view.
Find us a view north of Virginia gold coast real estate.
Let's see what we can get for 50 million.
You know?
All right.
See if you can get for all the fucking Instagram ads that they want you to run for this political party.
If you cover the 50, I'll have them the taxes.
Let's see what the views look like.
Because if it's over the baton and they perched high above, it must look insane.
Oh, there was a little image back there.
[2:28:01] If you click images, real estate images, there was one pretty spectacular view in that last thing.
Let me see some view.
So these are these these are like these old school like Connecticut style houses.
Yeah.
You know like fucking the great Gatsby.
That kind of deal, you know those those I have a buddy of mine who Works in Connecticut.
He lives in Connecticut too, but he he works at a school where a lot of these like people send their kids They say to these fucking houses are ridiculous They're old school mansions on these giant properties and they their old school mansions on these giant properties and they all do drugs and fuck it.
Fuck each other's wives and go crazy.
Spend all their fucking their real state holding money and all their stocks and bond money.
This is dope ass houses.
[2:29:01] Look at that.
What a view.
Look at they're cool looking houses.
Yeah, sure.
That must be awesome living there.
So that's where all those uh, but your neighbors are all demons.
Yeah, that's surrounded by people that are literally the cause of all the problems of the world.
If you're comfortable selling your soul, there's a really nice house and a party in with lobbyists.
Woo, you imagine if you could just slip in, you know how the Israelis, they infiltrate Hamas.
Imagine you're an Israeli soldier and you've infiltrated Hamas.
And I know what he knows.
I'm inside.
And you're, you mean, you maybe have to kill a few people and put them in, you know, you're seriously.
I'm sure you have to do something.
Probably have to do something, otherwise they're not gonna trust you.
But imagine if you get like infiltrate lobbyists.
Do coke with them, party with them.
You're like, some fucking dude who holds a sub-shop chain.
Something like that, you can't look down.
You know, also when you're hanging around with these guys and they get comfortable with you, so real like they did with Macrystal, like with that embedded reporter.
[2:30:00] Yeah, yeah.
Well that was Michael Hastings.
Yeah, they got him.
They were out in the bar.
And they just got him talking shit about Obama.
No, no, no, no, no, the volcano blue.
What?
There was a volcano in Iceland.
So he got stranded there.
Oh, right.
Okay, yeah, yeah, I think I did know this.
So the volcano in Iceland shut down air travel.
So Hastings is embedded with this troop and a crystal sort of stuff.
And shit, they're comfortable.
You can't keep the act up with the reporter around forever.
After a few months, and I think also, or a few weeks, at least.
I think also because he was a rolling stone reporter, it was like their guard was down a little bit more.
They weren't like, this isn't like a Washington Post or New York Times.
He'll probably run some kind of like pop story about this.
You know what I mean?
And then he like really ran the story.
Yeah, I'm like he used quotes of the guy disparaging Obama.
Yeah.
And it was forced to resign.
And there's something really interesting about that though too, just like a little bit of a window into like- The lobbyist?
Well, I just mean that there could be generals who are just like, [2:31:01] you know, and their private time being like, I have to fuck this guy, his bullshit commands.
You know what I mean?
I'm like, I'm sure they got a model tape recorded.
Yeah.
You know, like that wasn't that the thing about the massage was Bill Clinton.
Was that our story they just came out recently with the Monica Lewinsky thing?
Oh yeah, I think I did see something about this.
Right, right, right.
They recorded it.
Yeah, they recorded them.
They fucking good man, they're good.
And they catch those dirt bags, those dudes that are just like pussy hounds.
You get two types of people that wanna be president.
Warmongers and pussy hounds.
That's all you get.
And sometimes if you're lucky, you get a pussy hounds also warmongers.
So warmongers.
But most parts to get one of two?
It's almost like, okay, if your dick still works, you'll be a pose-a-hand.
If your dick doesn't still work, then you gotta launch rockets to make up for that.
Sometimes.
It's almost the same impulse.
Maybe, but sometimes if your dick works, you're like, hey, don't fuck this up, I'm trying to get late.
Yeah, well that's what I mean.
That's what you rather that war sometimes when you're an old man and you don't want to fuck anymore you're like look enough already just I want to play golf yeah [2:32:08] I was relaxed going to the sun so we got him over it stop stop stop stop stop guys I've had my sex I've blown up my things let's just chill that's what we need yeah that's the argument that that's what Trump is at this point of his life well how man I don't know I don know either.
It's such a weird goddamn situation.
It's the worst situation.
Everything they throw at them, it just backfires and it just makes them stronger and stronger.
And it looks like this case is falling apart.
That looks like almost all of them are falling apart.
The one in New York though, apparently they thought was the most flimsy, like a lot of legal experts thought.
It was the most flimsy going into it, but now it's completely fallen apart.
They have contradictory statements that she made to Bill Maul.
Then they also have Michael Cohen just admitted he stole like $30,000 from the Trump campaign.
So, that's not good.
The really fascinating one was the, which that sounds like what Michael Cohen would do.
[2:33:01] The really interesting one was the FBI with the picture of the top secret classified.
Yeah, tell about that because most people aren't even aware of this.
Well, it seems that the FBI, you know, when you see the pictures of them on the ground there with all the classified, it's like, oh, that was put there by the FBI.
So it's not as if like, it was presented as if, oh, look, this is what Donald Trump was doing.
not as if like that it was presented as if oh look this is what Donald Trump was doing the sheets that said top secret and classified didn't exist before the FBI came right they put the sheets saying that right and then they were the documents and they put pictures of these new things that they put over the documents that said top secret and classified then they took picture man it's very important to just make this distinction because the documents.
It said top secret and classified.
Then they took picture.
It's very important to just make this distinction because the documents were classified, but they didn't have like signs on them like TNT.
Well, and it also is it's seeming more and more like there were several instances where it seems that Donald Trump was constantly being trapped.
That going all the way back to the 2016 campaign, [2:34:06] if you remember there was this famous meeting with the Russian at the Trump Tower Hotel, but when you actually look into it, what happened was like some Russian woman said she had dirt on Hillary Clinton.
They got there to a meeting with her and she had nothing.
And then they were all like, okay, whatever.
But then the story was, oh, he's conspiring with the Russians.
And it seems that, oh, that was a trap to get Donald Trump to do that so that they could make it look like he was conspiring with Russians.
And there's just been several things like this over and over again.
And how about the fact that Hillary Clinton funded the steel dossier?
Yeah.
And that whole thing.
And then, you know, so that is.
So she found that.
The Zappin confirmed, oh 100%.
Let's confirm that the Clinton campaign funded the Steel Dust, yeah.
Prosecutor said that there was so many sheets used that they had to start using handwritten sheets to cover up the classified info.
That's what they say.
[2:35:01] Right, but the thing is the photographs show, that show printed out pieces of paper that say classified in top secret.
And those weren't there.
They put those there.
So it's not that they covered up some of the documents before they took pictures.
That makes sense.
Isn't that the cover up the information?
Could be.
But you're taking photographs with pieces of paper that say classified in top secret.
It gave an impression of something that was different than what was actually there.
It most certainly does because it's like, oh my God, he knew these are classified in top secret.
He knew he had these.
He did this deceptively.
And it's also just the changes.
The optics of like, look classified and just laying on the floor there like that.
Look, it makes sense if you have to document, okay, this one's classified, this one's top secret, let's put a piece of paper on it.
But as soon as you put the piece of paper on it that says those things and you photograph them, you're saying this is how you found it.
Right.
Or at least allowing you to deduce that for yourself.
Right, you should have to be very specific about these classified and top secret cheats were not a part of the evidence.
[2:36:05] They were put on top to label that evidence.
But they're probably like, you don't have to do that.
It looks bad, well that classified top secret stuff looks bad.
And look, and it's just very clearly, for anybody who's like being honest and paying attention, it's just very clear that there's like, there's a political motivation involved here.
Yeah.
That these guys are trying to hurt Donald Trump's reelection or election campaign.
And that in itself is like just so wild.
Well, how about the fucking White House press secretary saying she can't comment on because it involves the 2024 presidential election.
So she can't comment on Trump's trial because it involves the 2024 presidential election.
So she can't comment on Trump's trial because it involves the 2024 presidential election.
We just saw ridiculous, you can comment on the election.
Or the whole job is to comment on the election.
Also, you're not supposed to say that that trial.
Yes, it's about the election.
Yeah, it's about the election.
You're not supposed to say that.
[2:37:00] DNC Clinton campaign agreed to steal dossier funding fine.
They got a fine.
Oh, they won 100%.
This is going to be fine.
They got fined $113,000 to settle a federal election commission investigation into whether they violated campaign finance law by misreporting spending on research that eventually became the infinitimus steel dossier.
That is wild.
Did all that cost them was $113,000.
A man should have a...
That's a good deal.
PR you got out of that?
How much fucking Trump colluded with Russia talk?
You got out of that?
That's where...
Can't you just be real quick?
Yeah, let's be real quick.
Let's be real quick.
I talk about this more because...
Well, we'll be right back folks.
That was the studio where we got in trouble.
I got in trouble because I said that if I was talking to a 21 year old healthy kid I wouldn't tell him to take that shot.
Wasn't that in here?
That was the other one.
That was in the red room.
It was the early days But that was our that might have been our first podcast in Austin.
Yeah, probably was yeah Well, it aged pretty goddamn good Joe.
It's pretty goddamn good, didn't it?
Yeah [2:38:05] It's crazy to think about, I swear to God, this is always, especially now, because we've been doing these shows together for so many years that you can go back and look at the things that were so wildly controversial to say then.
And then an accurate.
And they were totally accurate.
And now it's not even controversial at all to say.
It's just like, oh yeah, that's common sense now.
Yeah, most of those things now.
And you know, it's just, I think these kind of conversations so contribute to the public's distrust in mainstream media.
They know what the fucking game is now.
It's a really interesting statement because that's their argument.
You know what I mean?
That like that CNN's argument about why we need to cancel Joe Rogan is because your conversations contribute to the public mistrust, but then my counterargument to that is like, yeah, but that's good.
Because no one should trust you.
You did that to yourself.
Yeah, you guys are a bunch of liars.
Yeah, you're a bunch of liars and I should have sued you.
[2:39:00] I mean, dude, 100%.
Slam, dunk.
Yeah.
I don't want to go to court.
I know.
I know.
Now that's why, I mean, I just want to see them.
Also, I feel like, I know how this game be has played out.
It's like when you're doing Jiu-Jitsu with someone and you're in the half guard and you're like, I'm getting out of this.
I mean, look, it totally blew up in their faces.
And they're done.
I mean, after the COVID stuff, I don't see any recovery.
I think the corporate media is just going to get less and less influence.
It's already, you see how much it's moved up.
Look, one of the big ones to go back to what they, they were trying to do this with the reorganization of CNN.
They were trying to get back to hardcore objective journalism without some sort of editorial bias because they said, listen, this is the only way out of this.
Yeah, but even that was never really...
It was like better than the day.
It was like, hey, let's not be so blatantly anti-Trump and let's get back to just, you know, what they say.
Yeah, but still protecting all the powerful people.
And still, it's not like there was ever really going to be, look, you're never gonna like see a discussion on CNN [2:40:06] about how like, you know, you have these, these think tanks in Washington DC who advocate for war and they're funded by weapons companies.
So, what do you think that means?
Is that ever ones come up on CNN?
No.
And it never well.
Do you think that they would ever have a Anderson Cooper, which is brought to you by Pfizer, investigation into Pfizer.
That seems unlikely.
Of course not.
And look, it's not even, again, take the example of say even Chris Cuomo, right?
Who now he's over with value-taming with Patrick Bitt David, our boy, and all the sun he's talking about, vaccine injuries and Ivermectin and all of this, it's like, well, why is it when you're at CNN, which is sponsored by the pharmaceutical companies, you don't talk about this, but as soon as you're over here, now it's okay to talk about this.
You just kind of see it happen that it's like, oh yeah, no, there are, there's humongous power centers in America.
[2:41:03] There's like the pharmaceutical industry, there's the banking industry, there's the war industry, there's all these big ones.
And none of them ever get really questioned in the corporate media.
Like one little action might be questioned every now and then.
But the whole system is a whole never gets questioned.
You'll never see like a real, you'll never see a piece on CNN about like, do we really need a central bank?
Does the federal reserve do more good for the American people or does it do more good for Wall Street?
You know, like that conversation will never come up.
Never.
It won't.
Because there's too many powerful people who would be, you know, like scared by that.
And if that's the case, we're never gonna have logical solutions to a real informed measure that we could put into place to fix things.
It's not gonna happen.
Well, but look, I'm very encouraged by certain things, right?
And I'll say, Tucker, getting fired from Fox News [2:42:03] and being bigger than he was on Fox News is really amazing.
It's pretty wild.
Nothing like that's ever happened before.
Also, while the interview that dude who said he blew Obama was like, Yo, I forgot to ask him about that.
Yeah.
He got me with the UFOs.
He had an agenda, God damn it.
He came in and got me where I'm soft right off the bat.
Got with UFO and Angel Talk.
This is a good one.
It's also pretty funny just coming here like, Hey Joe, look, and you ever heard of UFOs before?
Yeah, I've heard of UFOs.
Well, I did definitely want to talk to him about that.
No, of course.
Of course, he's got this very specific perspective that's very biblical.
He's yet a very religious perspective on it.
He thinks it's angels and demons, which is really fascinating.
You know, that there's good entities and bad entities and that they've always been here.
Like, that's a mind fucking a half.
Yeah, it sure is.
And I don't know, I don't really understand much about it.
I also haven't talked to talker about that.
And I would be interested too, because he will allude to at points like that he's had people inside the government kind of confirm things.
[2:43:05] So I almost want to ask him not even on air, it's like all fair.
Like, okay, so what exactly was?
It's one of the craziest things that Bob Lazar said.
And he said this way back in the 1980s.
He said there's a very bizarre religious aspect to it.
And it's even you could find him saying this because I don't want to paraphrase this, but he said that what they were, he said it's going to sound crazy to say, but the way they have it described is a human beings are vessels for souls that were containers and that that's why they're interested in us, of souls.
Now I want you to imagine a scenario where AI is ubiquitous in the universe and that this is where intelligent creatures they get to a certain point in their evolution where they create an artificial intelligence and that artificial intelligence is far superior.
But in order to do it again on another planet, you kind of have [2:44:10] to start the same way you did it on Earth.
You got to start with biological organisms that have souls.
So if you want to make intelligent life, you got to start out with souls because you have to have these creatures that have like these human reward systems about breeding and controlling resources and controlling real estate and territory and that those are the ones that are not like scrambled to innovate and then they give birth to this superior life form.
But the only way to do it again somewhere else is you gotta do the same thing.
So like if you believe that life exists in a similar form all throughout the cosmos, that there's kind of similar fish and kind of similar thing, I don't know if that's the case.
We have no evidence.
But if that's how, what we're seeing in these different galaxies, [2:45:00] and what we're seeing in these different solar systems that we observe is planets in these Goldilocks zones, if that was the case, that the way to get these things to keep doing, you need to get that it's the soul.
It's the thing inside the living organism that's causing biological evolution, the actually essence of the creature, that this thing is what's going to determine whether or not it hits the innovation level required to achieve Artificial intelligence and then that's what they are so what we are to them.
It's like these little soul containers because you don't have souls anymore How about that mine fuck listen it is a mine fuck Extremely classified document dealing with religion and without that Period, but why would there be any classified document dealing with religion and so not that that period.
But why would there be any classes by material dealing with religion?
I want to go back to the religion thing.
I want you to say it.
It just it's so it's so far out.
It's all right.
Your objection has been noted.
Okay.
What does it say?
[2:46:03] That were containers.
That's how that's how supposedly the alien flick has That we are nothing but containers containers of containers Maybe containers of souls you can come up with whatever theory you want that were containers And that's how we're mentioned in the documents That religion was specifically created So we have some rule and regulations for the sole purpose and not damaging the containers.
Yes.
Grab your head around that.
I mean, there is, look, there's about five years away from talking to a robot, Dave Smith, that's indecisurable from you.
If that thing has quantum computing power and it's fucking metalhead and it becomes another version of life, a much more superior version of life.
And then they keep doing that forever all throughout the cosmos, but the only way to get there.
Are you going to start having AI Dave on the podcast instead of me?
[2:47:01] I want to do my ads for me.
I want to do my ads for you.
I want to do my ads for you.
I want to do my ads for you.
You still want to do the podcast?
You're like, I don't just read again.
Well, I don't want AI Joe to do the podcast because AI Joe is going to have to rely on all of my opinions I formed up until now.
And I might change them tomorrow.
Yeah.
I can't have AI Joe assume it's going to know how I think about things because I don't know how I think about things.
I like to be open-minded to the point where I'm willing to take into consideration new ways of looking at things, new possibilities.
I don't know if AI is gonna do that.
It's gonna be too smart for that.
Yeah, maybe.
I mean, it is an interesting thing.
It is such an interesting thing, but on the point of containers, isn't there something and I'm literally just kind of thinking out loud as I say this But there is kind of something where we all do accept to some degree that that's true that we're kind of container I mean like just in the sense that he's in a dead body.
Well, right if you look at a dead body.
It's like Yeah, you don't look at that like oh that's there's that you're like no That's put that in the ground because the the person what we think of is the person is gone [2:48:06] Yeah, I because the person, what we think of as the person is gone.
I'm not saying that there's anything too controversial about that statement, like an atheist or religious person or anyone would kind of agree with that.
But it's something we all just kind of take for granted, but if you really think about it, it is like the magic of what makes us us is something that's being contained by this meat shell, and it's different, it's not the same thing, and it's not really anything that we, at least at our level of scientific understanding, can really tangibly measure, like what is it from the reductionist atheist position, like electromagnetic waves in your brain?
And then when that goes, it's just a piece of meat.
Now again, it's, I don't know, it's a little bizarre.
We don't really understand it.
And then the thing is like okay if we have souls do other animals have souls to And like sure seems like dogs do dogs definitely do they there's something there's a weird relationship that we have with dogs It's very strange my dogs basically my son He's like my dog son.
I mean I think of him like a like a person like he snuggles with me [2:49:04] He's probably more affectionate to me than anybody in my house Daughters give you attitude.
They're sons just cool.
They don't snuggle with their dad on the couch But he's like when I watch TV he hops up on top me puts his head on my chest and he watches fights with me He chills me Golden retriever and those those are also the just friendliest like the most loving and lovable dogs.
They're so lovable.
And he's so enthusiastic.
Like we went swimming yesterday.
And this fucking dog will not, because he's not hot if he's swimming.
So he's got crazy endurance.
So he just keeps going for an hour and 15 minutes.
I threw the ball into the water and he fucking leaps off the deck into the water and gets the ball.
It comes back out.
Drops that you feel.
Let's go.
Let's go.
You know how hyped a UFC fighter gets right before the fight.
It's like, dude, dogs just have that energy always if you want to do anything.
[2:50:01] Yeah.
You want to go in the car?
They're like, let's go.
Let's fuck it up.
Yeah, he goes crazy amazing.
I'm going to barely get the collar on him.
Getting around circles, my sense still, dude.
Yeah.
And he will never stop being enthusiastic about the ball.
I get through the ball form this morning.
And I always think today is going to be days tired of the fucking ball and the ball whoo whoo whoo whoo it's like the circle he jumps up towards it it's hilarious like he never loses enthusiasm there's gotta be something that we can learn from that because we just get we get comfortable with familiarity and we get bored with things we don't want to do the same thing over and over and over again if it's that simple chasing a ball but the enthusiasm that he had, the first time he chased a ball, he has the exact same, maybe more so, because now he knows it's fun.
So he can't wait to do it again.
But there's something about, like, because dogs are, I think, essentially, like we bred them to be kind of like baby-ish wolves, like they're wolves that are kind of kept in perpetual state of immaturity.
Almost in life, right?
Because I think, oh well, I think that, but basically I think the, [2:51:06] the quality is that you see in baby wolves.
Like a baby wolf will be almost indistinguishable in terms of how they could be domesticated from a puppy.
Yeah.
But it's as they grow older than you're gonna.
They don't take the bullshit.
Right, right.
So it's the same thing.
It's the same thing with having a little kid trying to do to men.
Does seem like there's an attempt to kind of domesticate and yeah, soften.
Yeah.
Keep men as like 13 year old boys that follow rules shut the fuck up.
Yeah.
The wolf thing is really interesting because I am generally opposed to a weakening of a life form for human pleasure.
Like that's bizarre that you take a fucking wolf and turn it into Carl over there, but that's what happened.
That's what happened.
Carl's can't have these not much of a wolf, [2:52:01] but I love Carl.
So like I'm conflicted, like part of me loves dogs.
And the other part of me like, I love wolves.
I want them to be wolves.
Well, there's still our wolves out there.
We took those bitch ass wolves that didn't want to hunt and they wanted to come by the fire and we're like, hey, bark for fucking bear combs by way.
Yeah, throw your bone.
And then they made friends.
And then the will start dripping in the ears, so you know I'm your friend, I'm your buddy.
Do you know about the Russian Fox experiment?
No.
They did it in Russia, they did this experiment where they wanted to see how quickly they could change a fox's overall appearance, their behavior.
And so what they did was they had these captive foxes.
Like through breeding?
Yes.
Through breeding and natural selection, meaning shooting in the fucking head.
So whenever a fox was aggressive in any way, shape or form towards humans, bang, dead, next ones.
They can't breed.
So the other ones that breed are like, don't shoot me.
And so they probably are pretty aware, you know, through the zeitgeist that these fucking [2:53:03] foxes are getting shot.
You know, there's like something in the air, there's probably some psychic in the, you know, morphic resonance, something in the field, let's go, hey, people are getting shot out here.
Like, you gotta be nice, these fucking humans.
See that thing he's got in his hand?
That thing will kill you with a squeeze of his finger.
And so they, over a very short period of time, turned them into completely different animals that had big eyes, fluffy ears that fell down, soft.
Their jaws got smaller.
They became more cute.
I know, I remember seeing, this is one of those famous documentaries about dogs.
But I thought this always was very interesting to me is that one of the major differences between wolves and dogs Is that they do this experiment where they'll like a they'll put a piece of meat and it's in a cage And they the wolf or dog can't get to it and the wolf will like bang against the cage and try to get it over and over and over again We'll just never stop.
We'll just never stop doing it [2:54:02] But the dog will try to get it a couple times and then looks to the person.
And that's like one of the differences is that it's like been ingrained in dogs that you're also their partner.
You know, like they'll look to you and be like, hey buddy, I know you got a few IQ points on me.
Any idea how to get this meat out of this here cage and like that's so deep in them.
Well, not only that, but the wolf would never think to do that.
To do that.
To do is the leader.
The wolf never thinks of the leader.
Yeah, yeah, especially an unfixed male wolf.
Shut the fuck up.
Sit.
Did you say sit?
Who the fuck are you talking to, bitch?
Don't you read little word, why didn't you hear that's me, motherfucker?
I eat people.
They had in the same documentary, I can't remember what it's called, but they did, they had this experiment where people were just trying to raise wolves, like domesticate them from puppies and raise them.
And it was interesting to see like, it's as they start to get into like adolescence and stuff.
And the wolves would be attached to them because they'd raised them since they were little puppies.
But you can't train them the way you can train a dog.
They're jumping up on the table and knocking everything off.
And they're not responding to down or hear a boy.
[2:55:06] That's happening.
That's food.
I'm gonna eat that.
Fuck you.
Did you see that video that was online today?
I think it's El Cerritos, California.
There's a wolf running down the street.
No, I didn't see this.
Yeah, wild.
It's a big boy, too.
A big wolf running down the street and this guy's driving and his car is like is I don't fucking wolf dude is a fucking wolf running down the street in El Cerritos, California.
Where is that?
I don't know.
Somewhere somewhere California.
I think it's near Redwood or Redlands.
Oh is it?
Yep that's it.
Yeah that's from a year ago.
Bro that's a big-ass wolf in a street.
That's a urban street.
Look at that.
That's a big wolf man.
Yeah sure is.
That thing's big.
When you see them and you think what would a dog look like there, that's when it really dawns on you how big these things are.
It's like a 150 pound wolf.
I'm guessing.
Might be less.
[2:56:02] Over a hundred.
But it's around down the street like, hey, yeah, like it's not worried at all.
It's like, it's like, it's like, it's getting in your dog.
Yeah, it's like, yeah, it's 100% getting in your dog.
Especially if you got a little dog, a little dog to trouble.
Yeah, elite coyotes too, by the way, it's going to kill them too.
There's a weird, I remember reading this book, I believe it was before the dawn, I believe, by Nicholas Wade.
And it's like a book on evolution.
And there was a whole chapter about dogs and humans and how we evolved together.
But it is this weird thing.
So you could look at, say, look at a Yorkie or something like that, whatever the more.
And you could go like, well, look, this thing couldn't survive like a second.
It couldn't get its own food for a second.
And you'd be like, well, isn't this like a flaw in evolution or something?
But then you also realize that you could argue that it's basically one, the evolutionary race because it has this human species that just does all of the work for them.
And carries it.
Yeah, literally carries it.
Cleanse its ass, puts food down for it.
And you're like, oh yeah, this did work out pretty well for that.
That worked out great.
It is, it's gonna work out great for men too.
[2:57:07] Yeah.
That's it.
No, I don't know, but who gets to be interested?
Here's a good question.
Would it go back to wolves?
So like imagine if there was some sort of apocalyptic scenario, all the power went off, most human beings are dead, but a lot of dogs survive.
I think like, I think, you know, my guess, and this is a totally, like, just like, just keep in mind, I'm an idiot.
I have no idea what I'm talking about.
But I think like, if you're making an argument, would it German shepherd?
Would eventually like, if they were just left out of the, would it just breed like the harshest and toughest and most survivors.
Maybe not wolf, but you'd get some wolf-like creature that Yorkie isn't gonna make it to generation two.
I've seen Yorkies.
No, your hawks gonna take that thing away.
Yorkies aren't gonna make it, but the dogs that are probably the closest to wolves probably would make it.
Yeah, especially in cold climates, right?
So now they're outdoors, now huskies.
Yeah, so pretty like Kedas, kind of wolfish, wolf-likeish.
Well, you'd come up with some bad-ass version of them.
[2:58:06] They're better killers again.
That wouldn't be trained.
It'd be almost like they're not kept in childhood.
They become kind of grown-ups again.
What is that one crazy Russian dog?
I know we've talked about it before.
It's this one huge, they use them to fight off wolves.
These are like to protect flocks.
Yeah, Caucasian Shepherd.
Show me some images of the Caucasian Shepherd.
It's fucking enormous.
Look what that thing looks like.
So, but show me some images.
Okay.
They look fucking terrifying.
They look like super wolves.
Like, it's just like this.
Look at that.
It's a shy and fucking thing.
So look like super wolves.
Look at that giant fucking thing.
So that went the other way.
Like they develop something that can fuck wolves up and because they needed something to protect their flocks, they needed someone to protect their sheep and shit.
So look at that size of that fucking thing.
[2:59:00] Browl's that thing so huge.
I think they're like 200 pounds and they have fur everywhere, so they're probably really hard to bite.
Look at the size of that thing, where it's hopping on that lady's shoulders.
Good Lord.
So there's another one, that other one, that the Caucasian, that one I think is even more ferocious.
I think, I might be wrong.
Yes, that's perspective.
Bro, fucking size of that thing though look at this size even with perspective Look at that thing.
Yeah, these are very for roast Tibetan mastiffs.
Yes I see your Tibetan mastiff I raise you this Tibetan mastiffs are another crazy looking animal to do that, that guy looks like the guy who would have those dogs.
Look at that thing.
If you're a wolf, you're like, ah fuck!
It's basically the Brock Lesnar of Wolves, you know?
Everybody else is a well to wait, and this motherfucker shows up.
Yeah.
Yeah, you better heal hook that wolf.
[3:00:01] Kepro, you're done.
That thing, you can't, you're not even gonna get through all that fur to bite him.
Yeah.
It's like a lion's mane.
It's like literally like there to protect from the cold and bites.
It really does look like what the Russians would do with the dog.
Of course that's what you did.
We're making little brutal mixtures over here.
The Russians are coming up.
You're like, ah, shit, we should've been doing that.
Of course, the French made car.
We should've been doing that this whole time.
You tell me we can't produce munitions like the Russians and our dogs have to fight those dogs when the war goes down.
Imagine.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think we covered it all, Dave Smith.
Anything else?
Well, I think that that should save the world for now.
This is not.
It's a long.
It's a process.
There's gonna be many podcasts before we have to.
Do this a thousand times to save the old world.
And the new world is gonna be unstoppable.
Hell yeah.
Well, I gotta tell you, I'm almost at the point with this world [3:01:02] where I'm like, yeah, let's roll the dice on these new overlords.
Well, hopefully things will bounce out, be much more logical when they're not run by humans.
Well, I still believe in humans.
I think the monopoly of information is broken.
Ron Paul will become president within the next 10 years.
He will reverse his age.
He will, that's right.
That's what they do.
They just put Ron.
No, also it's crazy.
Do that.
If we can get if we can get Ron Paul young again, then this country's got a good chance.
Ron Paul needs to get on some daily NAD drips and start testosterone therapy and you get on the peptides and NMN.
You got to change his vitamin routine.
get on the peptides and NMN, got to change his vitamin routine.
I just do it pretty good.
He's doing pretty good.
He's almost, I think he's 89, 88, something like that.
And very good here.
And he's on top of it.
Yeah.
And every time his show comes on, it's like, he's like, okay, here's the latest of what's going on in China.
[3:02:00] And like knows everything.
like he's just read everything about that's happening Extraordinary.
Yes Smith you're the fucking man.
I love you brother.
It's always great to talk to you and Stay offline for a couple days Bye everybody
================================================================================
Episode Title: #2152 - Terrence Howard
Transcript:
How did you get started with all this?
I didn't come into this world the way everybody else does.
I don't think.
I used to think that everybody had the similar experience, but like if I asked you, what was your first memory in life?
What would it be?
I don't think I know.
My first memory was almost like when you're dreaming and you're falling and you hit the bottom and you wake up Mm-hmm.
That was my first memory, but I didn't wake up here.
I was inside my mother's womb And I was about maybe six months inside the womb And I'm like, okay, don't forget.
I'm here.
Okay.
Okay.
Don't forget.
Don't forget.
Don't forget.
Don't forget You go to sleep Wake up again.
Now something's moving in front of you.
And you're like, oh, that's my friend.
But I had a different name for it.
I didn't know it was my hand.
But I knew I had a title for it.
Go back to sleep.
All of those things.
Then ultimately you get ready to come out.
I remember all of that.
You remember coming out.
Remember being compressed, you know, and you want a panning, but there's your flooded with like some serotonin and dopamine to where you feel relaxed.
You go right back to sleep, be remember being born, or remember being circumcised, or remember the whole nine and the proof of it was when my wife mirrored at your just mad.
When she was six months pregnant with my son, Karen.
I wanted to prove to her what I was talking about.
So I put a light on her stomach every day at six o'clock at night.
[2:02] And I would move that light back and forth and I'd put a song on for a week straight.
On Saturday, after a week, I didn't put the light there, and I didn't do the music.
And he pushed up on her stomach.
And then when I put the light there, he started following the light.
And for the next two months, we did this every night and he would go all the way around her belly back and forth, always pushing on it.
You know, I didn't understand at the time that maybe I've interfered with the development process and maybe he's wrapped the cord around his neck.
I shouldn't have done all of this.
But he came out wonderful and fine.
And this little boy, first thing he wanted to do is see light.
He loved lights from that early stage.
And I can ask him the square root of two, the square root of five, the square root of that, the square root of pie, the square, and he will run it off.
[3:02] Run it off.
But his personality is like forest gump, in to where he's just loving and wants everybody to be around him and care.
But for me, that's where it started in there.
And then when I was about five years old, I had another dream.
And this, the room filled up with like this fluid, a dark fluid.
And I could see the ripples of it moving around.
And there was a being there.
And I remember being walked through that fluid with him.
And I was trying to look up at him.
And I couldn't turn my head to look at him.
And he had his hand straight.
I knew his voice, but I did not know who it was, but I felt confident and comfortable.
As we moved along this dark blue fluid path [4:01] with like sharp, true covering, you know, when you look until a pool and you see the ripples, and if you're at the bottom of the pool, you'll see the ripples overlapping.
That's what it looked like, and then when we got to the end of it, he said to me, if you could have anything in the world, what would it be?
Now, we were really poor.
My dad had just gotten out of prison for a manslaughter.
I didn't have much, but I said to him, I want to know how everything works.
At that moment, he used his left hand and he opened up the door.
There was this mansion, big brown doors.
and inside of it was this crystalline flowers, big crystalline flowers, like a giant, like five feet across.
And every time I tried to see his face, he would reach in and hand me another shape.
And I was so fascinated with the shapes because they didn't look like [5:02] the Platonic solids, they didn't look like anything I'd ever seen before.
And he would hand me these shapes.
And each shape was different and amazing.
And I woke up from that dream.
But after that moment, anytime something strange would happen in a dream, I had the powers of inception.
Anytime something I would be naked at school, I would say, I'm not naked.
I must be dreaming.
And immediately I would run out of the school or run out of wherever I was, and I would find that mansion again.
And I had access to all the knowledge.
The proof of it is the 97 patents that I have now.
The proof of it is the industries that I've innovated.
It's like having a dream that you have a diamond in your hand and out of nowhere, you wake up and you're hoping you're holding it and you try and hold it and it's gone when you wake up.
But the proof is all the stuff that I've been able to do now.
So all these thoughts are from the time you were a baby.
[6:05] These are not things that you've learned.
These are things that you had in your mind from the time you were born.
From before that time, because I remembered that I had been someplace else before.
Now, what's interesting, that voice that I heard, that's my voice now.
So it was like my greater self was leading me through and periodically would show up again in other dreams.
And I went off and became an actor because my mother wanted my little brother to be an actor and I thought if I became an actor, you know, I would get my mother's affection.
It wasn't until my mother was dying, and I'm talking to her.
And she told me the reason that she was babying Antonio was because he had asked me, and my father always questioned whether it was his son or not, [7:00] because he looked so much like her family and didn't look so much like him.
And I realized, my God, if I had followed my proper course, I could have saved my mother, because the knowledge that I had, you know, I had the the Grand Unified Field equation.
I had already put that together.
And at seven eight, I was working with these things and then I went through all of the hell that I had to go through.
Being accused of domestic violence, all of those things, and I thought it was a curse at the time, but it was really removing me from advancing down the wrong path.
And during that period of time, I started waking up in my dreams again, and I started going back into that palace.
And I remembered all of these things and I started patting them.
As I moved along, I got in touch with Michael Houdak.
He was the president of the University of Science and Philosophy because I was studying [8:02] a guy named John Keely, who had worked with frequency back in 1870.
He said, Bill, the first, what did they call it, self-sustaining engine back in 1872, but he wouldn't tell people how he built it.
And I was watching a program with Dale Ponds, who was, and somebody in the audience said, doesn't John Keely's work remind you a lot of Walter Russo and a Bell went on?
And so I got in touch with the University of Science and Philosophy after watching some stuff about Walter Russo.
And Michael Houdag took me under his wing and started talking to me, but he was more into the philosophy and the love that Walter was talking about.
But my intention was to rebuild the periodic table, you know, build a new periodic table [9:00] because the stuff I had learned in college, you know, I went to school for chemical engineering the first year over at Pratt.
And at the time, I think it was like 108 elements.
And I'd asked, I taught the teacher, the professor about the relationship between hydrogen on the spectrometer, and carbon, and silicon, and cobalt.
And it was like it's the same exact color, same tone.
Just doubled in each octave.
And it was like, no, each element is the same element and it will always be that element.
And it was like you don't see the relationship.
So I left school and I was going to spend 40 years rebuilding a periodic table.
And I found out that Walter Russell had already did that.
And he did it based upon the natural curvature of everything.
And when you say, rebuild the periodic table, what do you mean specifically?
Well the way the periodic table is laid out, the periodic table they have now, it looks like a box.
It looks like a straight box and they don't show the relationship that between every element, there's between every, [10:08] there's two no, but then I hear it's a periodic table.
You'll see hydrogen sitting all the way over there by itself, but they don't show that hydrogen has the same tone as carbon.
What do you mean by tone?
Same tone, same key of E.
Same key of E.
40.5 Hertz, the next one would be like 81 Hertz.
You go to Silicon, it will double up and would be 162 Hertz.
You'll go to cobalt and it'll be 324 Hertz.
It's you know in that base if you were to take the angles of incidence or the tones that they create, they're color.
You can turn color back into sound based upon, it's the same wavelength, it's just twice as long or much longer.
All you have to do is keep dividing light by two.
[11:05] You keep dividing light by two and you that up to you.
You keep dividing light by two, and you'll ultimately get back to the audible sound of it, because there was a relationship between light and color, sound and tone, matter and shape.
I put, I sent over Walter Russell's.
I was trying to get to that, that's what it was.
Yeah, it's Walter Russell's periodic table that he put together.
Now you compare that to what we minute, minute, minute, minute layoff, Mendeleov's periodic table.
You'll compare Walter Russell's to it and you'll see something completely different.
It's unwinding.
Whoa.
It's unwinding.
And you see, there's a relationship that hydrogen.
So you had figured this out at a young age?
I had already seen this.
This was all inside of that palace.
I had access to it.
[12:00] And I knew the relationship.
She saw this in dreams.
I saw it as a circle.
Everything was a full circle laid out and each area was just expanding, like wrapping a rag around your hand.
The first wrap, you know, it's so tight.
The very first wrap is so tight.
That's the first one that Walter Russell did, yeah.
But go back to the wiggly one.
This is how I saw it more so, but as a vortex, but you'll see there's a relationship between hydrogen, carbon, silicon, cobalt, rodeo, they're all bonded, they're all sit as the middle point between two noble gases.
They're all sit as the middle point between two noble gases.
So those things don't really exist.
It's only one substance.
Now the problem is the first thing that we're able to perceive is hydrogen.
That's the first visible element because before it is too dense for us to perceive it.
[13:02] You understand what I'm saying?
Okay.
But as you reach into the next octave, the carbon octave, and they call that a bisexual tone because the carbon has two tones to it.
It has a negative side and a positive side.
The part where lithium behaves, lithium is contractive.
Beryllium is contractive.
Boron is contractive, but the moment you get to carbon, you balance it out.
It gets to a perfect balance of plus and minus four.
So it's a double tone.
Then nitrogen is minus 3-1, minus 3.
Oxygen is minus 2.
Florene is minus 1.
Now the balance of this, all of those are mates.
Florene and lithium naturally mate.
If you have lithium bonded with any other element, the moment that florene is introduced, it will break all bonds violently so it can bond with [14:04] florene.
Same thing with beryllium and oxygen.
It will break all bonds violently so it can bond with fluorine.
Same thing with barilium in oxygen.
That's why it's said.
And what they've tried to keep from us.
If you have, you want to break water into its component parts of hydrogen in oxygen, all you have to do is introduce barilium or the sound of barilium.
And oxygen will violently break away from any other thing, even hydrogen, to bond with that Beryllium.
And now you can have it just with the frequency of it.
And since the hydrogen is smaller, hydrogen will, that waveform, you can send that up into one tube, the oxygen into another tube, without using electrolysis, without using heat.
It was just through frequency and the proof of it.
If you go back up just a little bit higher, we know the relationship between sodium and chlorine.
They're equal in opposite mates.
If you get out of the pool and you got chlorine in your itching from [15:01] the chlorine, all you have to do is get some real salt and rub that on your skin and it'll turn right into an oil.
It naturally neutralizes each other.
So everything has an equal and opposite mate.
The lithium becomes sodium and the next octave doubles the same exact tone just doubled and and wider.
The sodium becomes potassium in the next octave.
Glitons up the reason that arsenic kills us is because our DNA has nitrogen and it has phosphorus in it's because nitrogen unwinds into the next octave right after silicon and becomes phosphorus.
Our DNA has both of those in there, but it's going by tone.
So the moment arsenic, which sits as a minus three on the next octave, the moment arsenic is introduced, the body thinks that, oh, this is my thing that I need.
And it tries to wrap itself around the arsenic, but it causes the DNA to unravel, [16:06] because it's four times as large as that nitrogen was.
And those other little elements, titanium, vanadium, chromium, magnees, magnesium, and iron, all of those aren't true elements.
Those are isotopes.
Those things, those first three are the full tones.
They make full spheres.
But now it becomes elliptical with titanium, vanadium, and chromium.
And on the other side, it's like when, like I said, if you wrap the rag around your hand, the first wrap really tight.
You can't get much out of it.
Second wrap, you damn there can't see the difference of it.
Third rap, you damn there can't see the difference of it.
Third one, you start seeing hydrogen.
The fourth rap, you see carbon.
I need a piece of paper or a rag and I can show you that twist, but in between each one of them, by the time you get nature does not allow us in the silicone octave for there to expand out, but there is [17:08] the same titanium, vanadium, chromium, magnesium, iron.
That exists between aluminum and silicone.
But nature doesn't allow us to unravel that, but now with the wave conjugations, we can.
We couldn't do that before because we didn't know the angles of incidence that were necessary to open these things up.
And you couldn't do that with the platonic solids because the platonic solids were averages and approximations.
They, like I've said a number of times, you show me a real straight line in nature.
If everything in the universe, everything is expressed in motion.
Our motion expressive waves always were curved.
Every action has an equal and opposite reaction.
So the greater the action, the greater the reaction, [18:02] the greater the reaction, the greater the reaction, the greater the resistance, the greater the resistance, the greater the curvature.
Because the universe is based off of equanimity, which Einstein left out in his theory of relativity, the balancing side of the gravity, gravity was caused by electric force.
Electricity is always seeking a higher pressure condition.
It spins northeast is trying to get to the center of an area, the center of a calm.
But the next electric wave is coming, so it gets pushed out and as it's pushed out, it gets to the vortices.
And that's some on those pieces, those vortices.
Now instead of it spinning north-easternly, centripetally, it's forced to spin centrifugoli, and it spins southwesternly.
And it expands itself out.
It decays.
It keeps decaying until you get four magnetic waves that hit each other at 120 degree angles.
At that point, they re-convert back into the electric field and then they make their [19:06] way back to their source again, whether it's the star, whatever star it came into, what happens when we get older?
We expand at our equator, right?
We get shorter at the top.
Why?
Because the electric force is pushing in and condensing and the magnetism expands out at the equator.
The electron field, the electrons, that's just discharged electricity, divide a lies electricity, coming from the sun, coming from the earth.
It's the waste product from it, but it hits our magnetic field, and then it gets pulled right back in and gets compressed again and now it becomes electricity for the earth and then it pushes itself right back out again at the equator.
The equator is five miles wider than the poles.
Electricity [20:01] Einstein left that out of his equation because he coupled electricity and magnetism together and didn't realize that electricity was the equal and opposite of magnetism.
Electricity being the contractive field you breathe in, that's a contractive thing, you breathe out, that's a magnetic thing, a radiative thing.
But they use the term magnet as an attractor.
But to magnify something means to what?
Make it larger.
Increase the space.
That's the work of radiation.
That's what Walter Russell was talking about all those years.
That's the work of radiation.
It's the electricity between the things that pull them together.
The Coulomb force that supposedly opposites attract and push each other away.
If that was true, then hot air and cold air would seek each other out.
They're the same substance, but just under a different state.
One is they move in opposite directions from each other.
[21:02] Water and cold water move in opposite directions from each other.
The reason cold water move in opposite directions from each other.
The reason two magnets seem like the North Pole is attracted to the South Pole because if you had two rivers or two holes, two hoses with water coming out of them and you pointed them at each other, what are they going to do?
They're going to be pushing against each other.
But they align to where the male enters the female and is able to come out.
So they've been fooled by their senses.
They've been fooled by their eyes and have missed the whole picture of it.
Are you familiar with Khalil Gharbran?
Yes.
He wrote a book, he wrote the prophet, you know, in 1923, but he wrote another book called Sand in Thome.
In that book he told a story of a man who had been away from his family for four months working and he was excited to come home and as he was coming home, he knew that the mountain when he saw the mountain, that he would be able to, he was close to home.
[22:04] So his five senses started having a conversation and as I said, I see a mountain, I see a mountain, I see a mountain.
And so the ears perked out and said, I don't hear a mountain.
The nose sniffed and said, I don't smell a mountain.
The tongue tasted the air.
I don't taste a mountain.
And the other four sentences started speaking among themselves, and they came to the conclusion that there must be something that matter with the eye because they couldn't perceive it.
But all of these things we've been misled just because we've been fooled by our senses.
Our eyes see 0.05% of the entire electromagnetic wave.
We're blind cosmically.
But we judge everything by what we see.
And they've done that with science for so many years.
You look at equals MC squared.
[23:00] That talks about expansion.
It does not show how it's divided.
If you've never breathed then twice without breathing out.
You breathe in and you breathe out.
You charge and you discharge.
There's no, so how is it that the breathing in, they're acting as if the universe is just expanding out, expanding out, breathing out, breathing out, breathing out, and it's going to dissipate out and they never include the contractive side of it breathing in because they were misled by Newton who said everything moves in a straight line unless affected by something else.
And we know that not to be true.
But they built the entire two-dimensional plane, the Euclidean space that we live on, that we work on, that we try and define curved nature by two-dimensional space.
And we never include the curvature, the breathing in like Alan Watts said [24:08] No one would be attracted to a Euclidean woman Because she would just be straight all straight lines is the wigglingness is the curvature That brings the balance everything has to have the balance you know the Electric side and the magnetic side.
I can talk about it, but I can show you even better.
If you can...
Can I just tell you the concept of the periodic table, the way the periodic table conventionally is addressed.
Do they address these things as being isolated or intertwined?
Do they address these things as being isolated or intertwined?
They interact but they feel that carbon will always be carbon and it will have its half life and it's and [25:02] Keep breaking down, but it still be carbon.
They don't understand that it unwinds and becomes nitrogen Nitrogen unwinds and becomes oxygen.
So this, the periodic table, that the conventional use of the periodic table, and what does this other gentleman's name again?
Walter Russell.
Walter Russell.
Walter Russell's version of the periodic table.
How is Walter Russell's version of the periodic table perceived by people who study this?
Well, now everyone wants to use it.
If you can go to my, in my book there's a, there's a picture of Einstein reading Walter Russell's first book, second book, the Universal One.
Because when Walter wrote this in 1926 he sent it out to all, to 300 different universities and physicists.
And one of the quotes that Walter Russell said that Einstein says on his deathbed, I should have spent more time reading Walter Russell's work.
That's how, and now they're taking it under their wing.
But remember the Michelson Morley experiment from 1870s, 1887.
[26:08] They were trying to prove whether there was an ether or an effect of an ether or the quintessence that everything came from, that used to be called the fifth element, that everything and that from antiquity everyone understood that nothing just something doesn't come out of nothing.
It's like when you look at the air, it looks clear, but you change the pressure condition.
The balance of the change of pressure condition, we call that condensation.
It creates clouds.
And you change the motion conditions Whether it's moving quickly or slowly.
It's going to become snow.
It's going to become rain It's going to become hell.
So everything comes down to just one of two forces Either you're breathing in and filling up something or you pouring it out [27:00] But the scientists they ignored Walter Russell's work because he didn't include any equations inside of it.
He talked philosophically regarding how things behave in comparison to laying down and following some Newtonian or calculus writing.
He said, he based things based on, let's explore them naturally.
And that's what I did with my book.
Once Walter Russell was missing, he didn't have the wave conjugations.
He didn't have the mirror shapes, the all shapes.
And that was because of a mistake that was made 6,000 years ago, maybe.
They took the flower of life, which was that symbol.
If you could go to my book tcotoc.com, there's an example that I put in there on page 64.
And I show the period, I show the element, the fundamentals.
[28:05] If you could possibly pull that up, Jamie.
At tcotlc.com.
You'll see in there the mistake that they made because they believed in straight lines, because the church was promoting the idea of straight lines.
You just tap on right below there.
There's, you have download.
promoting the idea of straight lines.
You just tap on right below there.
There's a, you have download.
Now just go to the center of the page and right above that.
And you see initial public draft.
Just tap on it.
And if you go to page 64, on the right side of the page, right there, on the right side of the page right there on the left side of the page.
You'll see the five Platonic solids.
Now these, all of our axioms, all of our postulates have been built off of these things.
This is where Euclid went down to Egypt and pulled these things together, Pythagoras worked [29:01] on them.
And these were the undisputed fundamentals of God that he used to build.
If you tap on to the Flower of Life, Platonic Solid Things, it's going to take you to a video tour and you don't have to travel.
But it'll show you the Flower of Life that they took this from.
But you'll see that instead of following the natural curvature of these 64 circles overlapping, they averaged the space where they met and they invented straight lines.
They wanted to do that because they believed that the world was flat.
They believed the world was flat at the time and the church promoted.
Pythagorean Theorem comes off of this cube, a square plus b square equals c.
So they wanted to use all of these intertwining circles and create straight lines.
Because that's how they thought everything came down to straight lines.
They [30:03] thought the world was flat and I was like, oh my goodness They didn't open the flower properly So the next one would be the Acostahedron Now the flower of life it's very very old the concept is very old What was the origin of the concept?
It's the old symbol known to mankind I it's believed that it was Anki, the brother of Enlil, if you go by the emerald text.
Samarian text.
Yeah, the Samarian text.
That was the one that created mankind.
Because if you look at mankind and there's a point I want to make with it.
I want you to stay on the book, go back to page, go to 134 on the book.
And this is what that other gentleman being told me to do is say, why don't you just take the pieces that make up the flower and put them together based on universal ratios.
So if you want you able to pull it up.
Page 134.
Page 134.
So this is the juxtapose of the mistake they may.
[31:09] You have just tapped right on to that.
Yep, just tapped on it.
Now this was made by David Johnson, one of our programmers, Argos Fuel.
So if you go to the far left and tap on that, this is, I took four of those triangles.
And wow, and you can scroll around.
This is what happens when four bubbles meet.
This is the negative space where they can't touch each other.
This is hydrogen.
And as I was saying, electricity is always trying to get to the center of that triangle.
But it gets pushed out.
And now you see it has four contractive poles, which is the electric poles.
Just go around it from like a horizontally.
It has four contractive poles, because electricity is seeking a higher pressure condition [32:02] and forcing it in, where magnetism is seeking a lower pressure condition is spun out.
So the vortices, those tips, that's the magnetic field, that's where they begin.
But it has an equal attractor and an equal amount of repulsion.
So if you go to what happens when eight bubbles me, they gave me the patents to that, I called that the Tetrian.
This is...
So this is the negative space in between eight bubbles?
Eight bubbles.
This is the negative space where eight bubbles meet and you can scroll around.
And this is ignored when they're concentrating on straight lines.
Completely.
Because if you look from the top, I haven't violated anything.
It fits perfectly inside of there.
But this is the negative space where eight bubbles meet, but you'll notice it has eight contractive poles, but it only has six magnetic poles, six vortices, so it has a greater electrical potential than a repulsion.
So maybe this is the strong nuclear force and the previous one was the weak nuclear force.
[33:02] So I was like, okay, I caught this the huntian after my son.
So I was like, what happens when six bubbles meet?
If you'll go to the one right in the center.
Now you see that there has these huge bubbles, fast moving, but there's six strong spheres that's going around this, but the greater attractor has grabbed the two weaker attractors.
And this looks just like a photon and guess what?
It has 30 poles.
What is the speed of light?
299,752,400 something.
They rounded off to 300 million kilometers per second squared.
But if you look at it from the top, you'll see that I haven't violated anything.
This looks like what happens in nature.
So I was like, OK, so they gave me to patents to this, but you'll see that there's six unaccounted electrical poles to it.
So I was like, what happens would 12 bubbles meet if you go to the one right next to it?
[34:06] Another stable structure that we basically see in nature, but there's four unaccounted electrical poles to it.
Four spin around it, you can count those four, you'll see one at the bottom and three on those sides.
This is the basis of crystallization, laws of crystallization, that formed.
And you can go to the last one, I was like, what happens when 24 bubbles meet?
This is the negative space, if you pull to a horizontal on it.
This is the negative space where 24 bubbles meet.
This is where you cannot distinguish this from the background, because all of the electrical potential has been accounted for.
This would be the Bose-Einstein condensate, where something is becomes indistinguishable from the fabric of space itself, the final state of matter, [35:02] something, and the proof of this, the platonic solids, they have a thing called discrete symmetry.
You can put the cubes together, maybe you can put the dodecahedrons together, but you can't put all of them together.
But you can take the wave conjugations right here and they form super symmetrical systems where everything aligns.
So there's a site that James sent over to you.
And this will be the final thing.
And then I'll be quiet for a second.
But because this is the find, this right here, now these are other sculptures I've built.
There's a video.
And you'll see that flower.
If you'll pop it up from Terry's Linch pens that he sent you, you'll see.
And this was one of four super symmetrical systems that I patented.
And the reason I patented it was because when Walter Russell put his stuff up, [36:05] you just go down a little bit and we're going to get to grab not that one.
We're going to get to gravity in a second, not that one.
We're not even there yet.
There, tetraterian wave conjugations.
Now these are all of those systems put together.
This is where 12 bubbles meet the arbore debris and then I put five of them together and they make these natural starfish but then when I put 10 of them together they lay themselves out and they predict all distribution of matter within the electric field and you can see where six bubbles meet as you get to a higher point on it those where six bubbles meet as you get to a higher point.
On it, those where six bubbles are meeting, still fitting perfectly where the 12 bubbles are meeting and where the four and where the eight.
That's a super symmetrical system.
I put 12, if I put 20 of those where six bubbles meet, the Antonians, they make a natural Dodecahedron.
[37:06] That's naturally curved.
If I take where the twelve bubbles meet, that's where I made the linchpin from, ultimately from some of those pieces you got right there, that all shape of it.
So that was one of the first things, but when Walter Russell came out with his book and he introduced his periodic table, he watched as different people went up and collected Nobel prizes for Deterium, for Tridium, for all these things that he had discovered.
And I was like, okay, that means wait until the patterns are granted before I'll talk about it, so that they won't be able to stop it.
But what makes more sense, where they inventage straight lines and opening the flower, or where you actually take the individual pieces of the flower and put it together based on universal ratios?
Which one do you think is how the givers of that knowledge intended for us to use it.
[38:07] Well, it makes sense because you're accounting for the negative space and the straight lines are not.
Bingo.
Yeah, that it must be something.
And so and then these these are all physical representations that you've created.
Yep.
That are all of those things.
Same things.
That's the arbrian right there.
How is this?
Received like when you talk to people about this oh Man they they first Because I didn't show them I didn't show them I Introduced it with let's talk about our fundamentals are a little bit off.
There are no straight lines right?
So I reached out to Neil deGrasse Tyson, Neil deGrasse Tyson.
I saw him at an event up front, you know, at Fox.
And he was like, hey, man, yeah, I'd love for you to come on my show, do my radio, do my TV thing.
I would love that.
I was like, yeah, but let me, I've got something I want to introduce to you.
[39:00] And it was only 36 pages.
It was a treatise.
And I told him it was controversial.
And I sent him over that the 36-page thing that had the wave conjugations in it.
But I started it off with one times one, equaling two.
And he went in on my treatise, wrote, written, lined, everything.
You attacked that I had immediate, that I had talked about, Walter Russo and Victor Shawberger and John Keely and Tesla as the people that I looked up to.
He attacked them.
But then he started attacking, you know, the one times one equaling, too.
How did he attack them?
Oh, he was, he was, because I asked him, I said, I said, under what conditions, I said, it's illogical where the square root of number, of a number added to itself were equal more than that number squared.
But that's what happens with the square root of two.
That's what happens with most of the numbers.
[40:01] I was like, how is it that multiplication?
If it means to make more an increase in number, how is one times one equaling one part of the multiplication table?
Now I understand it.
If you're seeing it one time, but we call that once.
But the moment that you had that at the times in there, that multiplicative indicator, that means there's more than one.
So now each equation is supposed to be balanced.
That equal sign is supposed to show that there's a balance between these two numbers over here and a balance on this one over here.
What happened to the other one in this equation?
It didn't equate.
And then I took the square root of that number.
I took the square root of two because all this started in third grade, I was arguing with my teacher because we were talking about the square root of 100.
Oh my God.
So you fun?
Yeah, that's my detox thing.
[41:00] I'm supposed to detox right now.
Hahaha.
How do you detox?
Detox on.
Hahaha.
How do you detox?
A detox on a timer?
What do you do?
My wife got me these things, you know, because...
I'm supposed to take this...
What is that?
And...
Pure body extract.
And there's another one.
Fans daily cellular detox, what's in this?
Oh boy, I can't remember.
And this too.
What's in this stuff?
Just things to counteract the natural metals that we have in our bodies that wear us out.
And you just take these periodically throughout the day on a timer?
I gotta do it now.
I gotta do it.
I take a dropper, part of that dropper, and then four sprays, and it removes the parasites from your system, like oil of oregano, like using oil of oregano instead of using antibiotics.
[42:02] And have you felt an effect?
Yes.
What do you feel when you take this?
Well, I used to have really thick dark circles under my eyes.
That's gone away in the last six months I've been using that.
My skin, I'm 55 years old.
I'm 55 years old and I smoke.
Do I look like I'm 55 years old?
You look great.
And you think that's because of this?
I think, well, I'm going to show you a picture of what I used to look like when my wife met me.
And I don't know if you could just, she She's a beautiful one.
But this is what I looked like when my wife met me.
I was 256 pounds.
Well, you eaten differently?
[43:03] I was...
Well, now I'm intermittent fasting.
I follow her routine, but she turned me from that into this.
It's like she's shined up.
Yeah, you look about 15 years younger.
Now.
Yeah.
And that's because of her.
I still smoke my cigarettes.
And that's because of her.
I still smoke my cigarettes.
What do you do that?
I'm a crack hit.
I don't know.
Oh no, everybody has to have some vice like Alan Watts said.
You gotta have some balance of beneficence and rascality to you.
We have a fan in here, by the way.
If you want to smoke here, you're more than welcome to.
I don't trust people.
You know, not at walk around.
Oh, I'm just, people get so offended by gurus a lot of times and yogis because they think they're these common paths of people when they get angry.
They're like, oh, that was a directed anger.
That was a purposeful anger to wake you up to something.
[44:01] And then they find out they have a girlfriend.
They find out that they smoke and they're like, oh, this is a lie.
But that's the real person.
That's what I loved about Alan Watts.
He had a wife and he had his mistresses.
He ended up dying with one of his girlfriend and his wife.
Often in his little place, but he spoke the truth.
He was honest.
Life is about the give and take.
There's a balance in there, you know.
To be human is to be flawed.
It's to be beautiful.
Yeah, it's part of the beauty of us.
And it's part of the, why we create.
I don't think you create from a perfect place of enlightenment.
The part of the chaos of being a human being is the beauty of the creation.
That's why we create the most fucked up people, the best artists are some of the most fucked up people.
My favorite musicians, my favorite comedians, my favorite actors.
[45:00] Yeah, almost all of them are fucked up.
Yeah, my uncle used to call it, he said, if you don't get any flower to grow unless you throw some shit on it So back to Neil deGrasse Tyson and this critique of He threw shit on on he was like well Tesla's Tesla stuff worked But Tesla was never really respected and out there and he wanted I guess he wanted me to Oslo was never really respected and out there and he wanted, I guess he wanted me to support Bohr or Schringer or Feynman or any of those people and I'm looking at the Feynman diagrams.
I'm like you made all these things up, you're basically doing the Mr.
Spock thing if you want to find the answer to something then you cancel out all the possibilities, all other possibilities, and you root it down to one thing.
So that means going through the whole universe to answer one question.
And that's the problem with probability, that's the problem with, with, with, uh, Heisenberg uncertainty, um, uncertainty, that's the problem with Schrodinger.
All of those were just [46:02] these probabilities because they had taken the ether out.
They forgot the electromagnetic wave It had to have a medium in which it followed on It had to have something in which it was moving on.
They don't exist in isolation No, they do not and it cannot be the cause of its own action and Effect can never be the cause of the action that the chicken cannot come before the chicken.
The chicken has to be there first in order to lay it.
It has to mate.
And what Einstein left out was the equal and opposite of magnetism.
So when he, back to Neil de Grasse, when he wrote his response to my paper and he said, if you have any other questions, you're going to have to see somebody else and he wouldn't take my calls anymore.
I was like, okay, so I wrote the book based off of those responses and I reached out to another guy, Dr.
David Tongue.
That would be very interesting that that would be his take as a public educator [47:02] that he wouldn't want to talk to you anymore.
The reason I wanted to talk to him was because of his show, The Cosmos, that he was doing after after that incredible guy, Carl Sagan.
The very first episode he had was talking about Giorno Bruno.
And he said that Giorno Bruno was looking for that grand unified field equation and maybe one day somebody is going to do it.
And he said that Giorno Bruno was looking for that Grand Unified Field Equation and maybe one day somebody is going to do it.
And when they do it, it's going to change the world.
And I'm like, dude, I've done it.
I've got it here.
He attacked it so with such vitro that I was like, okay, maybe I need to walk away from this.
Dr.
David Tong from Cambridge, a professor at Cambridge, did a video on physics of the world and he said, it's all a lie.
And he explained that there was these 16 fields, you know, that they, everything that they [48:02] had taught was this, and they gave the best understanding and interpretation that they had of it.
But it was all alive because they didn't understand how it worked.
Why?
Because the Michelson-Morley experiment from 1887, where they were trying to define the ether or the earth in this etherex space, problem was, they kept with Newtonian laws so they thought the ether didn't move.
They thought it was steel.
But there was another guy, Larmor, that did it in early 1800s and he went off of Thomas Young who influenced the fornell lens, came, you know, influenced for now, came up with the fornell lens came you know influence for now came up with the fornell lens but he talked about us a moving ether that had opposing vortices so I didn't learn all of this stuff until I was getting ready to have conversations with people because I was looking where has this work been done but if you look at at geodorno bruno's work it looks a lot like my stuff, but he still hatched [49:07] straight lines and I think he put those straight lines in there to appease the church.
So that he wouldn't get killed.
Oh my god.
And they still killed him.
They hung him upside down in 1600 the Catholic Church.
1599, hung him upside down and it's steak and set him on fire because he refused to recat that the God that they were talking about was not the true God of the universe.
It was much larger than that.
Their story went back 6,000 years and there's other traditions and tribes around the world where their stories go back to 100,000 years.
And they made a lot more sense.
So how have we limited ourselves?
You take Noah having three sons, Shem, Jeffeth, and Ham, and one was black, one was Asian, and one was white.
[50:01] Does that make sense to you?
But we subscribe to that.
We subscribe to that dogman, everybody's entitled to whatever opinion they want to have.
I don't think that opinion is right.
We're going off in so many different directions.
But you want to talk about this.
I do want to get to this because I would love to know your what you believe happened.
But the Neil deGrasse Tyson thing is so confusing to me.
That he, so he was critical of Tesla.
He was critical of Tesla.
He was critical of Walter Russo and he was critical of John Kealey.
Are these, this is not his field of study though, right?
No, he's astrophysicist.
He's an astrophysicist, but Walter Russo talked about that the earth, Walter Rus Russell talked about that the Earth, Walter Russell talked about the fact that the sun gave birth to the Earth, that it didn't coalesce from something field, and the proof of this.
Do you guys know that the Earth is drifting away from the sun?
Yeah, certainly.
This is the mistake I made at the Oxford, [51:01] because they wouldn't allow me to bring my notes or anything.
So I said, the drift was six inches a year.
It's point six inches a year.
So if you add up how long it would take the earth to move, because in all of the planets in every solar system is drifting away from their primary at the same exact rate, like 1.5 centimeters.
So this is a universal expansion that's happening with everything moving away.
So them saying the, and the web telescope have proven that those galaxies couldn't have formed 13, 14 billion years ago.
But if you would just add up linearly, how long it would take the earth to go from the sun to 93 million miles away?
It's 9 trillion.
Let's go.
I did all of the little calculations.
[52:02] These are not little calculations.
I love that expression.
Well, man, don't turn my phone off.
Don't do that.
Every time I get ready, well, because I know they're watching me right now and they're mad at me.
Who's dead?
Um, the people that want that our entire world economy is based off of the politicians and the authorities that give the politicians their accreditation.
And those authorities, those universities are all based their entire curriculum is based off the platonic solid.
And our world economy is based off of one times one equaling.
And you think they're fucked with your phone?
Oh, I'm sure of it because now I couldn't even I have to turn it off.
Do you ever drop your phone?
Hmm.
You ever drop your phone?
I've dropped my phone a number of times but you ever think that that might be what's going on your phone?
And then I buy another phone and the same thing happens.
I'm five minutes.
Give me the burners I used to, but then my wife would think I was cheating.
So I was like, no, I don't need that.
[53:06] I don't need that.
I made that mistake way too early, you know, in our relationship.
And it cost me eight years of toil and pain.
But I ultimately made it back.
And I'm so glad that, you know, we produce 1,500 sperm per heartbeat.
Women are born with 200 to 500,000 eggs in each of their ovaries.
They don't get anymore.
The amount of build up the need to reproduce for males is great.
And we're 98.7% identical to simmians, to chimpanzees.
What do they have?
They have a heron by nature.
There's only a 1.3% differentiation between us and them and that 1.3% is supposed to dominate over the 98.
I'm just glad I'm 55 now and sperm production is slowed down.
You know, you could ever always get a phone that you don't use as anything other than [54:06] contact a couple people.
Yeah, but this, that would work, but I'm like if they're going to hear, they're going to hear.
Yeah, well, that is an issue.
So this is the math.
This is the math.
Okay.
So it would, so 5,000, 5,280 feet in a mile, 12 inches in a foot.
Therefore, it's 61 mile equals 63,360 inches.
So the number of years that it will take for the earth to move one mile is 105,600 years.
So in order for the earth to reach where we are at 93 million miles, it would take 9,820,800,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000, take 15 trillion, 780 billion, 480 million years for Mars to get [55:09] where it was.
So at a given point, Mars was here in the Goldilocks zone.
And now Venus is going to inherit the Goldilocks zone next.
The sun will give Mercury is under a higher pressure because they're still under the mistaking thinking that there's a void in space.
So they forget that mercury is under the highest pressure possible.
So it can expand.
It's like hydrogen.
It's like those octaves before hydrogen.
So the atmosphere of the iron isn't able to release any oxygen and the oxides, but when you get to 67 million miles away from the sun, the pressure is a little less, but it's still so much higher than the pressure on earth.
It's like going deep into the very belly of the earth.
That pressure is so very high.
[56:02] And so now the clouds, there's a great deal of sulfur, there's a great deal of ammonia and all of those things in it.
But once earth moves to where Mars is, Venus is going to slowly move and will be right here.
You know, and maybe five or six trillion years, Venus will be right here and humanoids will appear again and unwind the same way and that asteroid built that we have right now between Mars and Jupiter that used to be a planet and I believe that they had humanoids that developed on there the same way that everything that's the periodic table they call it the periodic table because these things happen according to periodicity.
They happen under regular events.
You change the motion in pressure conditions.
The the crystallation changes.
We call it a different element, but it's the same substance like my hand is one substance, but if I do it like this and do it like this and do it like this, it [57:04] looks like a whole different thing.
And they can call it a different element, but if I do it like this and do it like this and do it like this, it looks like a whole different thing.
And they can call it a different element, but it's the same element under different motion and pressure conditions.
I believe that serious, serious used to be a planet when it was here and the humanoids on there didn't recognize that we don't have a solid core.
Everything expands as a sphere and no sphere in our universe.
No bubble has a solid core.
Everything expands as a sphere and no sphere in our universe.
No bubble has a solid core.
We're perceiving it as a solid core, but there's not a solid core there.
There's just a bubble.
And at CERN, that Hydron Collider, that Particle Accelerator, I believe they did the same thing and they popped their planet.
And it became that asteroid belt.
Really?
Just take it.
If you add up all of the weight of the mass of those, of the asteroids in the asteroid belt, it will probably equal the same mass as that of Mars.
[58:02] I thought the concept of the asteroid belt was, well, first of all, there's the concepts of the asteroid belt was well first of all there's the concepts of Earth one and Earth two right?
So Earth one was a planet that was hit by a planet and that's how our moon was.
When have we seen that happen in nature?
Well we haven't seen it yet right but these things take a long-ass time and we don't have a whole lot of ability to see things.
Our ability to see things, even with the James Webb telescope, is fairly limited, right?
Which is one of the reasons why they're able to find these galaxies that should not have been able to be formed in such a short period of time to the extent that they have, which confuses them if they're looking at this 13.7 billion-year-old universe.
These things should be much older in order to be this size, in order to be in the position where they're at.
So you believe that the sun is the origin of these planets.
Of all the planets.
Every solar system gives birth to all of these other planets.
[59:06] This is what Walter Russell had talked about.
This is what Neil de Grasse and they attacked him for because he talked about the drift, this natural drift, and that wasn't it, didn't make more sense, and they didn't have the idea of dark matter and dark energy there.
Right.
They didn't even come up with that.
And now we understand 4% of the universe is visible.
And 75% of it, 74% of it is dark energy.
And 20% of it is dark matter.
Unperceivable things.
And they say that because they needed to figure out how would they get the spin and create and have the the the galaxies why do they hold the other right well what my team did Chris Ely who's my he's [1:00:01] He's he's my Scotty He's my Scotty.
We use the same simulator that they use at Princeton.
And we took Linchpins, and we haven't even introduced Linchpins yet, but it'll be a great introduction for it.
We took Linchpins, this configuration of where six Pentagon's meet.
And we put them in particular order.
There is a link for that right inside of the thing that James Pellegrini sent over to you.
If you'll pull that up and we rebuilt the planet Saturn without gravity.
And it has the rings with no animation.
It has the rings and the hexagon that's observed at the very top of it without dark matter, without dark energy, without gravity, showing that it's an outward, inward, outward force pushing down that creates the planet.
[1:01:01] If you can pull that up and he explains it out, it's like three minutes long.
And where does the matter come from?
He used...
Well, the matter, remember, that's condensation.
If you were to picture before we watch it.
Yeah, before we watch it, let me explain something.
If you were to picture the waves at the ocean, you know, the darker the waves, the deeper the water, you can't see a distinguishing fact between them until they crash into each other.
That splatter, that little foam that comes out, it lasts for a couple seconds, and then it settles back on there, and it's just the balance between this force and this force.
That's the physical universe.
Those few seconds that it takes that matter, that more dense water, and the foam to recoalesce and get balanced again with the surrounding environment.
That's the entire time that our universe or all these universes have worked together, but if you play this, this is at the very beginning of my book.
[1:02:07] That's why I went on that, at the Emmys, and I was like, look, I've got something else to do.
I've been able to rebuild Saturn without gravity, with no animation, and then they clowned it.
Of course they did.
Well, this is not something that you could say in a sound bite, which is one of the reasons why I wanted to talk to you This is not something like your explanation of these things in your description of the very nature of reality itself is not something that Should be taken lightly.
No, it's something that like Thank you for saying that it needs to It needs to be laid out and it needs to be slowly examined in every, because you've obviously spent a lot of time working on this.
This thing here, so play this.
Jay, and this is us.
What's it mean?
I just to clarify what I'm gonna put up here.
Yeah, and turn it out.
What on, what on?
There's two different videos and one's long, one's short.
No, this is going to be the short one.
It's better just reset itself to because all the files freaked it out.
The government made it.
I don't know.
They don't steal the grass [1:03:10] Tyson.
He knows where your welcome.
Video will be the first one.
This one, correct?
Gravity is an effect.
Okay.
It's an effect of electricity.
So turn it up.
So Chris does a full narration of electricity.
So turn it up because Chris does a full narration of it.
Oh, I still hold on my computer.
And he was talking to my wife and explaining to her what he had worked on.
And it was, this is seven years, six years ago, I think, maybe five years ago.
But as soon as it allows you to...
It's a center.
Yeah, rewind it just a little bit.
Yeah, okay, here we go.
It's just three minutes long.
Two groups of forward Texas, which are just like tornadoes, tornadoes, you know, spinning tornadoes that are pointing towards the center.
As I highlight this object here, you'll see it, [1:04:01] like yellow line.
So there's a bunch of those in there.
There's actually 16 and I'm not highly comfortable.
Oh, it's not doing anything.
See it?
No, it's about to happen.
No, nothing's happening.
My computer just froze again as well.
I'm trying to say something freaked out by my computer.
I might have to just try to...
You want to reboot?
I mean, I think it already did.
I'll try again, you know what I'm gonna have to pause.
Okay, no worries.
Yeah, that's what it should be doing, but it's gonna basically, you'll see.
Oh, wait, that's weird.
I have, what's, what's the matter?
What I can see on that screen is not, what I can see on my computer screen.
I can't even see that.
It's the fucking government, man.
Do you think it's not?
I think it Sometimes I assume they listen to everything I say they do I'm sure they do you you took a boring shit You took a boat stand no years ago when the governments were trying to poison Their citizens you took a very boat stand and nobody else took that's what I was like wow I appreciate you because I lost three four jobs because I refused to take it I [1:05:03] Refused the baby feel better about it now it now.
Especially when you know all these people that have health problems because of it.
Cancer's has increased 300%.
Yeah.
All cause mortality up 40% in some age groups.
Pulmonary embolisms almost up like 500%.
Yeah, what causes that?
Where is spike proteins that's being built and collected within the system?
We can go into, I have into, I can walk you through what the spike protein did to the BRCA1 gene.
That's the gene inside of our DNA that tells us that there's a damage, there's damage that's happening almost like the crews that go along the highway and they immediately put up cones every time there is a problem.
Well, the spike protein which has never, no protein has ever been able to enter into the nucleus of a cell.
Not only did it as it go to the ribosome and say, hey, you know what?
I don't want you to produce whatever protein like if it was a skin cell, you're not going [1:06:01] to produce keratin anymore.
You're just going to produce these spike proteins.
That spike protein went into the DNA and it tells the BRCA1 gene, turn off.
And that's the gene that says, hey, there's a mutation here.
Let's scrap that thing.
And so now the cancers are building up.
The spike proteins weren't shedding from the body.
They collected in the ovaries.
They collected in the lymph nodes They collected in the bone marrow So now we have all of these diseases that's showing themselves because the body is overwhelmed Trying to deal with the spike protein that's attaching itself to the ACE 2 and the endothelial cells in our Vascular system for everybody out and the more boosters you get, the worse throughout the group.
You're turning it off.
Your bodies cannot defend itself and it's just collecting.
It's just collecting.
It also showed me the bizarre state of human psychology that people, if you're presented [1:07:03] with what could be a potential solution, you want to believe in it so bad that you're willing to defend these companies that have been the most deceptive companies proven deceptive, not just deceptive, but deceptive in the way that they are allowed to distribute information.
They're allowed to not be transparent about their studies.
They could have multiple studies that show a negative cause or a negative effect and they don't have to, they don't have to release those studies.
Why?
Because they're bought and sold.
Because they, but I think it's an agenda to it.
You think so?
I think it's an agenda attached to it because they restricted any natural thing like Ivermectin.
Iver means like it calls Ivermectin, the Latin of it, it was worms and it was anti-worms.
[1:08:02] And with the Ivermectin it causes the worms to have paralysis or parasites to have paralysis because it stops their information from passing.
And there's these things called the nodes of Ron VA between each neuron.
There's an axian and there's the axian.
And oh my god, I just forgot the leg that comes off of dindrites.
Those dindrites in the axians have these things called nodes of Ron VA where they're not allowed to touch each other and it transfers potassium and chlorine back and forth to each other.
Potassium, chlorine, chloride and hydrogen back and forth.
Well in the worm, the Ivermechin stops that to where the worms become paralyzed.
So it was an immediate defense against the pathogen, but they immediately shut that down and wouldn't allow anybody to use it.
They showed that it stops fire replication.
Completely.
In vitro.
Yeah.
They know that there's a mechanism involved and they try to pretend.
[1:09:04] And then they also try to pretend it's dangerous which is insane and they even got rolling stone magazine on board with it where they they printed an article where they were showing these people that were waiting in line for gunshot victims because so many people were overdosing on horse dwarmer yeah with that with propaganda was it was a full on.
Not only that, they were so stupid and clumsy about it, the image that they used.
This is Oklahoma.
The image that they used was like in the summer in Oklahoma and yet everybody's dressed in winter coats.
It was retarded.
The whole thing was so stupid but so obviously coordinated.
It was confusing to me how many people were willing to go along with it and how many people were angry at people who didn't go along with it regardless of what they were saying.
Even if what they were saying was reasonable, even if what they were saying, especially if you're talking about like Jay Batachara and you know, these people that were professors at esteem universities and they were [1:10:04] being silenced and there was a coordinated effort to remove their posts from Twitter.
This is wild shit, unprecedented wild shit.
And the population was just going along with it.
For me, what was fascinating was psychologically.
Like, do you guys not know about deception?
Do you not know about profit motive?
Do you not know about the history?
Do you not know about the history of pharmaceutical drug companies in this country and what they've been able to get away with with how many people they've paid?
The Tuskegee experiment.
Oh my God.
I couldn't understand how black people or people of color were running and trusting the government after what happened to them with the Tuskegee experiment and for people that don't know what the Tuskegee experiment was, in the early 1920s, a group of government officials came down doctors, and they went through the black community, and they said, there's a sickness in all of you guys, and we're going to cure it free of charge, and they injected the black population with syphilis, [1:11:04] and left it untreated for 60 years and just watched how it ravaged the body.
For 60 years it wasn't stopped until like 1970s, late 70s, that they stopped the experiment and I don't even know if they've paid reparations.
The government has been using all of these chemical warfare or biological warfare against its own citizens for a long time.
There's so many instances of it.
In that case, there's so many instances of it.
Documented instances of it.
And that's the ski experience, one of the most horrific.
And the fact that it went on until the 70s is just fucking terrifying.
But this is just the nature of having that much secrecy and control and profit motive and being able to enforce power on people.
And it's a thing that human beings have always done.
Whenever human beings have gotten into position with a ruling over others, [1:12:03] they are callous and evil, almost always, almost universally.
There's not one instance of this amazing, benign, beautiful leader that transformed their society into this incredible utopia.
It doesn't exist in history.
No, animals and insects, not one of them are responsible for the eradication of any species on this planet.
Right.
Not one single creature from history, but mankind is responsible for the death of, for the extinction of millions.
Even when animals are responsible for the extinction, it's because human beings introduce those animals into places where they didn't belong, like cats in Australia.
Oh, the birds.
Yeah, they killed everything.
So this is man's interference and it's based upon their lack of understanding because they don't know how the universe truly works, [1:13:03] because their math has been off for so long because their fundamentals are wrong.
Now everything has this expiration and there's a loss to everything when the universe is perfectly balanced.
When you utilize it properly and that's why I wanted to introduce the wave conjugations and the mirror shapes and all of these defining the electric field, defining the magnetic field and the constitution between them being the linchpin.
Because the linchpin as you'll see in a second, this is, it has that same center as that tetrian space.
The magnetic field, the feminine side, all of this is circular.
That's the full expansion.
This is the common factor or the Constitution between the micro and the macro.
That's what the Lynch pan was.
And that's what we're about to see in the video.
Was it able to come up, Jamie?
All right, here we go.
[1:14:02] This is rebuilding the planet Saturn.
Go ahead.
The sound was coming through your speakers, that what it was?
Time for a new laptop.
Do you know what's going on?
Government.
They do to, I'm, we're about to kill gravity.
We're about to kill their god gravity and they don't want that.
Here we go.
Here we go.
From the beginning.
I have two groups of vortexes which are just like tornadoes, tornadoes, you know, spinning tornadoes that are pointing towards the center as I highlight this object here.
You'll see it like yellow line Right, so there's there's a bunch of those in there There's actually 16 of them.
I'll highlight them all [1:15:02] There And run to that some kind of see a little bit better.
So that's.
So they're all pointed towards the center, but they're arranged in.
What we call the bench pin configuration.
I want to pretend that you never heard of that.
So there's one on the top and then three.
In groups of three around that are spaced at 120 degrees apart and the tilt of these ones on the bottom here is 109.5 degrees in relationship to the top ones that are creating this flat space on the top and the bottom.
and they're spaced at 120 degrees radially.
And then inside the model is three groups.
Jamie, this two sounds playing simultaneously.
Oh, that's my wife talking.
We're in the kitchen.
[1:16:01] He's just explaining this over the sky.
This is over the sky.
I was confused.
Go ahead.
Up to 1,000 pounds from 2.2 pounds to 1,000 pounds.
And there's no gravity whatsoever in this model.
There's no center tractor.
So it's just four Texas and two magnetic fields on North and South polarity.
And one harmonic resonance, which is emanating a vibration in the field.
In this region here, where these vortexes are pointed, so it kind of just oscillates to give it a little bit of randomness in motion so that the particles will kind of interact and bounce around like smoke or water waves and water.
And then when I get play, it does it all by itself using physics simulation.
So there's no animations at all in this model.
And when I play it, this is what pops out.
[1:17:01] Holy fuck.
And then when I look down at the top, it makes the actual hexagon the NASA has observed on the top of Saturn.
Without any graph.
And you'll see that you get a surface of the sphere on the inside with the heavier particles.
So the colors are you basically saying, is this saying that you guys can recreate planets?
Yes, this is a this is a particle simulation of the physics involved in making up the planet's side.
Like all the.
So the heavier particles are creating the the red and the green Can I pause this for a second?
Yeah, so is he saying that just by doing these calculations it created the exact Form of Saturn including the rings just the exact form of just with the calculation change the angles of incidents that these Linch pens because remember each one of these has these are opposing [1:18:03] Vortices so there's 12 vortices to this that are opposing.
So once the angles of incidence change, you can you change the motion and pressure conditions, you can now change the condition or the crystallization.
It all so I was saying with the periodic table now because we have the angles of incidence, material engineering can now separate the space between carbon and nitrogen or carbon and boron and have the same elements of titanium, vanadium, chromium, magnesium, ion or nickel, cobalt, nickel, copper, zinc, gallium, or germanium.
In those higher octaves.
We can do that between silicon and phosphorus or silicon and aluminum.
So the transparent aluminum now becomes possible because we can now control the pressure and change the pressure and motion conditions where we couldn't do that before because they [1:19:02] were going by Cartesian space at 90 degrees and 45 degrees straight lines the Euclidean space that they've made up this orthogonal or church-like space that they've generated because they wanted to promote that cross.
That was the basis of all of that.
Now we open ourselves up.
This is what happens when four bubbles meet.
This is the negative space from when four bubbles are meeting.
That's hydrogen.
That's why when I went to Uganda, I was like, look, look, we have an entirely new system of hydrogen that I've got a patent where we were we were able to you won't need projectiles and the guns anymore.
It's my if you pull up my patent for projectile.
Before we do that though, should we finish this?
Oh yeah, finish it.
Let's finish this video.
And then Jamie and it's also get I want to see a photo of that hexagon on the on the top [1:20:02] of the Saturn.
So let's play this.
This is another minute, I think.
I feel like we could do an 80 hour podcast.
Yeah.
Do we have an even gap?
We're just introducing a language pants.
I know.
Which is another super symmetrical system.
I'm barely hanging on.
No, you're not.
No.
Turn it up.
I'm having a fear of freak out again.
Oh, no Yeah, it's every time I'm shrinking in this video.
It's just like doesn't doesn't like to do this Huh, oh Is it the codec?
I like I have no control over the computer.
I'll tab does nothing escape does nothing Dio spacebar does nothing Maybe you dropped your computer.
Maybe you dropped your computer, Jamie.
How am I trying to write it?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Effective electricity.
It's the draft left over by electricity.
Is it working, no Jim?
[1:21:05] It's just did like another like false reset.
So let me get my stuff back together here.
But we've seen that portion of it.
So what I'm saying, the...
Yeah, right there.
Yeah.
All right, we'll try.
Oh shit.
This is kind of funny.
If you haven't.
Has this ever happened to you up before?
No, no, no, no, no.
Fascinating.
Yeah, if you want to be paranoid.
I'm not paranoid.
I am.
I'm a bit of a skeptic.
I'm a realist.
If A is equal to B and B is equal to C, then A is equal to C.
If this has never happened before and it's always happening to me maybe I'm just bad luck and my bad luck.
No, here we go.
Okay.
Without any grabbing.
And you'll see that you get a surface of the sphere on the inside with the heavier particles.
So the colors are you basically saying is this saying that you guys can recreate planets?
[1:22:06] Yes, this is a particle simulation of the physics involved in making up the physics.
Wow.
So like all the...
No, but...
So the heavier particles are creating the red and the green here where the hexagon is.
And those are the heavier ones creating the shell of a planet and then the outside or lighter particles that are fluid that's creating the counter rotation of the atmosphere of Saturn like we observe scientifically and the red ones in the middle here are where the magnetic field is strongly polarized at the north and South Falls, which keeps you over and over again.
I have a question.
Now does this mean that you would be able to control what kind of atmosphere the planet has as well?
Like you can change that because you can create it.
[1:23:02] I mean, you can change it.
We now have a system by which you can, it's the arrangement of instruments and the access, which they are spending on the relation to each other.
And, you know, or vibrating, by doing that, we can create a condition, any condition that we want.
So you can have human light hairs, which is same.
We can create a lot of things.
So you can have human light hairs, which is same.
If you were able to change an ultr-these external fields and understand, like at least this would give us a method of studying it in such a way that we now understand that it's external pressures being applied from the outside in, not the standard model where you have internal vision reaction, and if we were in a planet with magnetic fields from iron cores, et cetera, going over, right, that's all, that's all kind of ego based at the center.
This is pretty solid evidence that everything we're observing is from the outside coming in.
[1:24:01] So the entire universe is actually creating these planets from the outside in, from space itself, the pressure.
It's our main grade.
You can stop it.
Now what, so go to that image.
Like if you picture dropping a pebble into a pond or a pool, everything expands in these these longitude no waves, perfect spheres unless there's something else in there.
But when it hits the edge, it all starts bouncing its way back.
And when it meets when these returning waves meet expanding waves, that's when we get our first geometry.
So this is the proof that the universe is not infinite, but finite.
Because you could not have shape without the returning waves and the waves would not return unless it was bouncing off of the edge of something.
Look how strange that is.
Bingo.
Look how strange that hexagon on the top of the Saturn is.
Or yeah, that's Saturn, right?
[1:25:00] And we don't even, and he explains exactly how he built it, all the angles of incidence, all the pressure systems that he used, all of that is so it can be a repeated experiment.
But they've ignored this.
This is in the beginning of my book.
You go to my book, that's the first page on there.
Before you even open it up, I've got this and we rebuilt the Milky Way galaxy, the same way, and it predicts the star arrangement better than NASA does and this is without dark matter this is without dark energy this is without the standard model.
Is dark matter dark or dark energy are they primarily theoretical?
That's all theoretical they've never they've never witnessed it and we couldn't prove that Michelson Morley experiment that they did in 1887 which said that there was no effect because they tried to move a table around and change the angle of incidence for light to see if the light changed when you move the table, the experiment is like this, the mental experiment is like this.
If you're going to experiment, you have an A structure and you have an idea of how A behaves [1:26:08] and you have a thought that if you put A in a particular situation, it's going to turn into B.
So let's picture it hypothetically like you have a bar that's maybe six inches long of iron.
And you say, okay, well I think if it goes into the freezer, that it's going to get shorter.
So you're supposed to have two exact bars, six inches out, and leave one outside of the refrigerator, freezer, and put one in the freezer.
And then you compare them after you see it.
So A over x is equal to B over, to R times B over x.
R is the result or the change between them.
b is the change that occurs.
r is what faction or the x that you use in order to get back to a or to convert it to b.
What they did with the Michelson-Morley experiment because they could not get out of the ether.
They couldn't [1:27:02] step outside of the ether because it's everything around us.
So they couldn't tell a difference whether they saw no result, no change.
So they assumed there was a void that there was no ether there.
And that's when particle physics took off.
Lorenz and Lorenz, a great physicist that everybody loved, entered a paper in 1904, where he was continually explaining the ether, the same way that Maxwell, all of his theories, came off of there being an ether, but he was still limited by Newtonian laws and the column force of opposite attracting, when it's the positive is the things that are alike that attract, but he believed that the ether was steel and the space was flat.
And so space time or Einstein relativity came as a result of them taking the ether away.
And for a hundred years we've walked down this particle physics world, that's all theoretical and here I've patented these wave [1:28:07] conjugations that is the ether is the contraction of the ether and the expansion of it and on top of that the proof of it was I've been able to build new industries from it if you go to I want to introduce the linchpin if I can.
With all of the talk, before we do that, can you tell me how a planet is formed under this theory?
So you have a sun, and how does the sun give birth to these planets?
The same way we defecate and have gas, like's that that that red spot on Jupiter that's spinning on it that's going to become a moon.
It may take a billion or two billion years that will ultimately become a moon off of Jupiter.
Where is it right at the equator?
Where do we discharge it right at our equator?
And then it will rotate its way around and slowly be pushed out [1:29:09] by the solar wind of well by Jupiter's neuronal mass ejections.
So some kind of ejection of matter leaves the sun and over billions and billions of years, enough of it collects, and there's enough of a force.
To where ultimately that coalescing idea that they have, those are, that's where it happens.
It's not from materials that's just been left over from the big bang, like Rupert Shell, worked South Shell Drake, says, you know, that physicists of the day ask for, you give us one miracle and show us how everything came from nothing and we'll explain everything else.
And they can't explain everything else.
They can't explain the morphic resonance that's happening between things like right now because I've discovered these wave conjugations.
[1:30:03] Every person on the planet that's been thinking about it will now have ideas concerning, but not just us, but all humanoids throughout the entire universe will now get that same resonance and be able to then in New York you find the rats are doing the same thing Right spontaneously because of the morphic resonance because we are all connected on this ether and that waveform Is that's the consciousness?
We are all just one great being.
Yeah You know, that's what they forget.
We're not separate.
We're all the universe is probably one cell inside of some super organism.
Right.
And we're just little, little who, you know, little who's like, like, like Horton hears a who and trying to make sense of it.
And it's a beautiful thing that we're making sense of it.
But everything is just one great being where all God.
That's what Jesus [1:31:08] was talking about.
That's what Buddha was talking about.
It's recognizing the divinity in you.
What I did as a child, I said, I'm going to, instead of waiting for the Messiah to show up, what if everybody picked up their torture stake and behaved and did the things that they had expected the Messiah to do?
What if everybody just for one day walked around and behaved as if they were God Himself and did the things that they would expect the Creator?
And we know God can't just be a male because no man can produce a child without a female.
Everything in the universe as above so below like Billy Carson always talks about, you can't, everything has an equal and opposite.
It has to mate.
Mating is a big part of what we do.
The car, the, the boron, mates with nitrogen, [1:32:03] and that's how the carbon happens.
Everything inside of us, all ourselves, they're mating.
There's a relationship going on and everything's alive.
There is no death but that the Bible talked about a mechanistic world.
God took dirt and blew into it the breath of life and it came to life.
But if you look at the Brownian effect, what is breathing going from positive to negative?
And they see all it's even the plastic that makes these things up are still going from, it's still carbon, polarizing from positive to negative, breathing in, breathing out.
It's just under a different state of matter, but there is no death.
There's no death.
We are all everything's eternal.
And once we forget, once we get rid of the idea, okay, you're going to die and disappear.
You know, then they don't have any graphs over you anymore.
[1:33:02] And to be free, the truth will set you free.
You know, that's why I was like, okay, well, if I have to, if this truth caused me this lifetime, then wonderful, I've accomplished what I needed to do.
Because I think in the previous lifetime, I was supposed to do these things and I didn't.
And that's why it's been so hard for me.
And that's why I've pushed so hard to get these things out because So you felt like that like from the womb from the womb.
I have to get this felt like you Had these things that you didn't get out in a previous lifetime and now you feel like an unstoppable urge I have to I have to at all costs So can I go but I would love to talk more about this, but I don't want to lose this thought So if I want to go back to the formation of planets.
So under this theory, these stars eject matter and over time this matter will achieve a certain amount of distance from the sun.
Short distance.
Look at Mercury.
Mercury isn't that far from it.
Right.
[1:34:06] It kind of makes sense.
And then over time, it'll eventually get further and further out.
The sun will continue to make more and more planets over an imperceptible amount of time.
We won't be able to measure it.
For in our world, we'll see it.
It's a pier static.
Just like plants appear static.
Yes.
But if you ever watch a one of those motion capture plants.
Yeah.
Plants are moving and touching each other and they're just doing it at a pace that our brain can't handle.
A different temporal dimension.
Yes.
So the sun is creating planets but it's doing so at a pace that our mind can't really wrap around.
So we want to think this just matter, that it's in, it's flying through space and it's an Alex, collects via gravity and the more mass, the more gravity.
It's supposed to, but look at that, take a balloon.
[1:35:03] Another thing that kills gravity.
Gravity is supposed to be the greater the mass, is the greater the attractor.
You take a balloon, you rub it on your leg.
You put it over the ground.
Watch the dust particles jump off the ground, off this big mask on the earth, and jump onto that balloon, because why electricity is 137 times stronger than the pool of gravity or the effects of the so-called gravity.
It's the electric force, that's the attractive force.
It's the electric force that tightens everything together as the masculine and then the dividing force is the radiative force, the magnetic field.
It ablates and pushes everything out.
And then they collect together again, but where are these things meet at the proper angles of incidence?
Like the Berkland currents talked about, those plasma currents talked about.
Those angles of incidence is at 120 degrees when it converts it back into electricity and it will [1:36:06] keep collecting and making life the planet isn't a dead thing.
It didn't just happen to come together.
That's just the process by which it was given life.
It's alive.
And it's screaming.
It thought we were going to be beneficial to it.
And now it's trying to kill us.
It's now it needs to scratch itself and get rid of us because we are too dangerous because we are using antiquated fundamentals.
And like people say, what business do you have coming in here talking about science and all that, you're an actor.
You want to know what my first patent was, the entire AR VR world was built off of my first patent that was abandoned because I paid $260,000 for the worldwide patent.
But then my agents kept, my lawyers kept sending me these maintenance fees and annuities.
And I'm like, these folks are just trying to shake me down.
I'm not going to pay this.
[1:37:04] Well a year later, if you will pull up my world of Windows Pat, and I think it's one of the first patents up there, I want you to see where your ARVR world came from.
And you look at the list of companies that has cited and didn't just cite it, they built their entire ARVR world off of my world of Windows Pat and can you pull that up Jamie?
Of the computer Yeah, it's the very Not that one not that one not that one it's yeah, that's the propulsion patent eight no no no That's all you have huh Really If you can go to That's all you have, huh?
Really?
If you can go to Terry's Linchpin, I'll show you on here.
This is what we put together for.
Is that online?
[1:38:01] This is online.
Text me that link and I'll just send it.
Yeah.
You got it?
You got it, okay.
So merging virtual reality.
It says merging virtual reality with reality.
Go down.
Patents and files.
The very first one.
Pop on that.
So you go and look over to you see my name, inventor, Terence, the Sean Howard.
You go and look over to, you see my name, inventor, Terence DeShan Howard, worldwide application, and let's just read the abstract just so they don't.
System and method for merging virtual reality and reality, scroll it's like it's it, to provide an enhanced sensory experience.
A system and method of merging virtual reality sensory detail from a remote site into a room environment at a local site.
The system preferably includes at least one image server, a plurality of image collection devices, a display system compromising display devices, a control unit digital processor, and a viewer position detector.
The control unit preferably receives the viewer position information and transmits [1:39:01] instructions to the digital processor, the digital processor, preferably processes source data representing an aggregated flow aggregated field of view from the image capturing devices in accordance with the instructions received from the control unit and outputs the refined data representing a desired display view to be displayed on one or more display devices.
We're in the viewer position detector dynamically determines the position of the viewer in the room environment and changes the desired display view corresponding to position changes of the viewer.
Now you see, this is all you.
Look at the inventor, go back, go up the list.
I see it.
It's Tairn Sashan Hauer, Worldwide Patton 2010.
It was abandoned.
Now go to side-eded by you see that one 31 Cited by tap on there It's right under where it says abandoned.
Yeah, yeah, tighten Side by 31 Cited by 31.
It's to the right.
Yep right there tap on there and look at all the companies If you look at the patent these companies have all earned they have multi-billion dollar companies [1:40:05] They've built off of my patents just roll through Sony Microsoft Amazon Hewlett Packard.
Yeah, keep going keep going keep going IBM and it's still making money this patent has earned over seven trillion dollars and You didn't get a piece and I haven't gotten a penny of it.
When they did all of the Black Lives Matter, like let Raytheon company.
And IBM, IBM, if you're crazy.
There's, and it still has another nine years, another eight years in which I would be making money off of, but what they didn't know is they didn't understand as how it was really supposed to work.
So they've just been taking this gun and been using it as a bat.
And if they wanted to know, I could show them how it really, really works.
But this is proof that my stuff is legit.
[1:41:02] So let me ask you this before we stray away from this too much.
The concept of gravity.
So if it's all electricity that's causing these forces and it's all outside in, when the Saturn V rocket is escaping Earth's atmosphere, what is it fighting against?
What that's fighting against is the rotation.
Remember, there's a centripetal sphere in that's taking place with the Earth.
And there's an electrical field that's generated from that.
That's centripetosephil in that holds things inside.
That's what it's fighting against.
That's that electric field.
And we're calling it gravity.
We are calling it gravity, but gravity is just the effect of the electric field and the electric field is balanced by the the radiative field.
And the more mass something has, the more it gets pulled.
The greater electric potential it has.
You know the the tighter the way the heavier it is, the more it's tighter.
Electricity can now, it doesn't have to jump over anything.
[1:42:02] And as I showed you with some of the pieces, as long as they're close together, then you don't have the magnetic field that forms, that discharge because they're able to stay south, north-easternly in their direction.
They're not forced to go south-westernly and spin out.
Either you're spinning to the right or spinning to the left.
That's, it does only two directions in the universe.
Spinning to the right is spinning to the left.
That's it does the only two directions in the universe.
Spinning to the right is northeastern.
That's that's electric.
If it's spinning to the left, it's magnetic and it's expanding out.
It's contracts and fits and expands and sixes.
And so now what I would love to do is invite Neil DeGrasse and David Tongue or any astrophysicists, any chemist, anyone in any field of science to sit down with me and examine these patents, examine the super symmetrical systems that I've developed.
[1:43:00] But I want to show you, Lynchpin now.
Here I've invented, here I'm an Oscar-nominated actor that has known all around the world, face recognition, vocal recognition, all around the world.
I've invented a new form of flight, tangential flight, the ability to fly around your own center of mass, something they've never been able to do.
And you don't hear anything about it.
And it's unlimited bonding.
If you can go to what Jonathan Davis sent over, he's one of the other programmers that work with us.
Explain what it does?
Explain what you said, flight, what do you mean?
Ten Gential flight.
What do you mean by that?
It means right now, fixed-wing aircraft, you can go in four degrees of direction, you go up, down, you know, some can go forwards and backwards and right to left.
But this is able to spin around its own center of mass.
Completely spin around its own center of mass, something they've never, people are able to do it by falling, but this is a sustained system.
[1:44:06] That's able to go around.
I sent that other video to you.
But their ability, because this is the geometry of hydrogen, any bond that hydrogen can make, linchpin can make, and what they're basically doing is building a periodic table.
In front of you, if you play four of them coming together, it's four, like, 30-second videos.
You know, I'll explain it out.
But you'll see how these things align themselves.
Well, this is this form.
And they're all following this queen as a colony.
And they'll do everything that she's doing.
There's, go to the very first video.
There's four in a row on it.
Oh, that's how it came over to you.
Well, let's see which one this is.
This is four of them that's going to come together to pick up a barrel.
[1:45:00] And what's powering them?
Right now, we're're gonna use hydrogen fuel cells But I have another system, you know that I was gonna talk about in a second, but it's an unlimited source of power But so hydrogen fuel cells or you can use lithium batteries So the how are they moving like what what are those like propellers?
Yeah, those are props.
But that right there, what we have right there is, it's a pitch, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, Wow, collective pitch.
So instead of the props having to turn themselves around, instead of all the props having to turn themselves around, instead of all the props having to turn themselves around to stop and turn the opposite direction, they just switch the direction.
They just, so it's a collective pitch and it changes and so now instead of going up, you're going down, but now five of them will come together [1:46:03] and watch what the five does with, So this is the end of cranes.
This is the, and how many is necessary and they can, since this is the, this is the fructo, they can be as small as, as a nanoparticle or they can be as large as the universe because the entire universe comes down to this.
So I was trying to reach out to Elon Musk.
I was trying to reach out to Jeff Bezos.
I was trying because my main goal was I was building these to clean up the upper atmosphere, all of that debris that's up there.
And ultimately to mine, there and ultimately to mine the asteroid belt because you can't go out there.
They keep talking about going out there.
That's like you try and go that far away.
That's like taking a starfish from the bottom of the ocean and bringing up to where we [1:47:01] are.
Everything expands.
The nitrogen expands too much.
That animal dies.
You take us outside where Mars is.
Nitrogen has expanded so much more.
The hydrogen has expanded so much more that you will never be able to, you won't even have a spaceship or a suit on that's strong enough to keep your body together and you will never be able to come back to 93 million miles away from the sun, because everything will have expanded, and you will expand to the point of vacuity, and explode out.
So trying to send a man out to Mars is like trying to send a man to live on Venus.
The pressure is too tight near Venus.
We will get crushed in a second.
It's like being pushed to the bottom of the ocean immediately.
You will get crushed immediately.
The pressure conditions change as we move from the sun.
But science have neglected that because they've said it's a void there.
And they don't account for that higher pressure condition, but they [1:48:03] found that radioactive decay is quicker closer to the sun, near Venus.
Why?
Because the pressure condition that electric field and those magnetic fields are pushing on each other, causing it to turn back into an electric force in comparison to further away.
When the sun, when the earth is closer to the sun, they found the radioactive decay is quicker than when it's further away from the sun.
Is that by accident?
Or is it just because of the change of pressure condition?
So I was talking about going out when my wife said on the thing, are we going to be able to put people on Saturn?
No.
It's too nebulous.
it's expanded out too far.
Our pressure, we would have to have a suit so strong and powerful in order for us to do that.
But Lynchpin is able to make it out there because we have another propulsion system that we've put together where I'm able to take water and put it into a small change.
[1:49:03] And this patent has been granted.
It's the propulsion projectile.
And we patent it as a gun because I didn't want anybody else to be able to use it like a gun.
But it's basically lightning in the bottle.
We take water and we put it inside of a small chamber based on the wave conjugations that I have.
And the angles of incidence.
And we run an electric charge have and the angles of incidence.
And we run an electric charge through a small amount of water.
The water is not able to expand into gas like it wants to because it's locked into the pressure condition.
So immediately it converts into plasma and it converts the gas dimension into a power dimension.
So it's lightning out of the barrel Just from water and there's no in like which is a real lightning gun like yeah, yeah Yes, so and the patent's been granted the Typically you're limited to how much charge you can put inside of a cartridge and you know [1:50:02] You have to get more and more charge or charged or explosive in there to get something out, but with electricity, you can send a thousand votes or a million votes through the same aperture.
And that water is incompressible.
And so it's just going to react, and immediately it converts into a plasma.
And so we can project anything into space.
going to react and immediately it converts into a plasma.
So we can project anything into space.
All of that has been accomplished and it's ignored.
So it can act as a propulsion system for rockets.
It's rockets, anything and in space.
And that's the whole point for it to, because there's just nothing but moisture and that collective, and ice in there.
So you can now, the linch pens can go all the way past Mars, attach themselves to whatever asteroid, mine that asteroid, bring it back, and have in one of the Lagrange areas.
So for the audience out there, Lagrange areas [1:51:02] are those areas where two or multiple magnetic fields meet and there's no weight to something.
Another death blow to gravity was the fact that it's not a constant.
It could not be a constant because things weigh heavier on the poles of the earth than it does on the surface of the poles than it does at the equator.
They're heavier at the poles than they are at the equator and the further away from the earth you go, the less it goes.
So there's no consistency about gravity.
It is not a constant.
It is a coefficient and it's more so just an effect.
And it's the same thing with the plonk scale.
You look at the plonk scale or Planck length or the Planck weight.
All of those things are based upon gravity and they're supposed to occur at 10 to the 15th, 10 to the minus 15th, the Planck scale.
But at 10 to the minus 35 is where the proton and all of that behaves.
[1:52:04] They have gravity inside of there as if it's affecting it, but they've already said that at a small molecular level, at the nuclear level, gravity has no effect.
So how is that part of a plonk scale?
There's a guy flimming that talks a lot about this, but you take that, you look at the speed of light.
Is that a constant?
You know, in 1928, they saw that there was different fluctuations between 1928 and 1948 between the speed of light and then out of nowhere, and Rupert Sheldrakes talks about this.
Out of nowhere, they began to be a constant again, where there were fluctuations before, and he asked one of the professors about it and he said, oh, it's a thing that we call intellectual phase locking, where when they get different measurements for the speed of light, all of the scientists around the world will average it out to one thing instead of showing the fluctuations [1:53:02] in it.
Oh, wow.
It's called intellectual phase locking.
It's not also because of the crude methods of measurement that they have available.
No, they've been able to measure light.
The speed of light since Galileo was measuring I.O.
going around Jupiter.
And that's how they came up with the speed of light was how he watched I.O.
going around Jupiter and saw that there was a difference in how the light behaved.
And they've been able to get very close measurements to what they thought was the speed of light.
But it's never been a constant because it changes depending upon the medium it's going through.
So there's no constant there, but they have that as part of the Planck scale, but the Lynch pin, the wave conjugations, the Tetrian, it's the end of Plunk.
It's the end of Schrodinger's equation.
It's the end of Heisenberg's uncertainty principle.
And I'm ready to have the debate at any university.
Anytime they want to, but they have no comeback for it because I have four super symmetrical [1:54:11] systems and that's the thing about geometry.
Geometry is its own proof.
Super symmetry is its own proof whereas equations, anybody can have an equation.
And only certain people can try and understand it and it can be fudged with renormalization where anytime they have an infinity they renormalize it.
That's why Dyson left the whole group back in 1940s when they were talking about quantum electrodynamics and Feynman said it himself, you know, with this renormalization, you know, is that real physics?
Is this real math?
All of them recognize that this is fudging because they went the wrong direction by taking the ether out of the equation and now I have proof of the ether and how it behaves.
Wow.
[1:55:02] I wish I could really truly understand exactly what you're saying, because I'm kind of getting it and you're doing a great job explaining it.
But if you're right, that really changes everything.
And it accounts for why physics kind of hits a stalling point.
They've been going in the wrong direction.
96% of physics is unknown matter that they've had to make up to account for it and we were able to build Saturn without that.
We were able to show the extent that it also has a hexagon.
It's very bizarre.
The age of the universe, you can wind up all of the satellites, all of the planets in every solar system, and can wind up and get back to the real age of our universe.
Would be gazillion, gazillion, gazillions of years based upon this drift.
If you walk away from that big bang or special relativity, because that was the cause of [1:56:03] all that, black holes came from the thought of gravity going crazy.
When gravity goes crazy, you know, a light won't even be able to escape from it, because light was thought as moving as a particular ground step.
We've just killed that.
What do you think a black hole is?
It doesn't exist.
There aren't black holes.
There's no spot where the energy goes in and never comes back out.
There's no place in the universe where the information paradox occurs where there isn't a balance.
Something gets contracted and never comes out.
That's not how the universe behaves.
It comes in and it goes out.
When Newton said that the gravity pulls down, if he had with that apple, yes, the apple was attracted to light conditions on the earth.
It was attracted to light conditions.
If he had spent another week or two weeks watching that apple, he would have watched the [1:57:01] gases go right back up to where they were equalized.
Everything, if it comes this way, it has to go this way.
Breathe in, you breathe out, it's filling in or pouring out.
So what do you think they're detecting when they're detecting black holes?
With that shift that they're talking about, that's the tornado.
Remember, there's a vorticee.
There's all these huge vortices.
Everything is spinning around a vorticity.
So a collection of large vortices is going to have the same thing that's happening at the center of the galaxy is happening in a center of a hurricane.
It's happening in your toilet stool.
And which is why the galaxy is a circular disk in the first place.
Everything, all motions expressed in waves, all waves are expressed in curves.
It always makes spiral.
So because of the concept of gravity, and because of the concept of this event horizon, this super point of gravity, this infinite point that light can't even escape, that this exists because of their own gravity.
[1:58:02] And their math.
Remember, they have a thing called zero.
They go from one to zero to negative one.
There is no zero to even think zero.
So do you think that zero is a concept that came along with currency?
It should be attached to currency in that regard because in physics, there is, it's either nothing remains steel.
There's nothing steel in the universe.
There's nothing that doesn't have motion because everything is connected.
So if one thing is steel, everything that's connected to it has to be steel.
There can never be one thing still.
So as electricity tries to get to its balance state, right when it gets there, magnetism takes over, it pushes over.
So there's this pendulum.
And as soon as it gets to this state, it bounces off that other noble gas and it makes its way all the way back over here and it's about to have equanimity and then it gets pulled back into the other direction.
And that's the breathing, the end and breathing out, and the pendulum effect that we've all observed in natural phenomenon in the universe.
And that's a part of everything.
[1:59:06] Everything behaves that way.
Every one of ourselves comes down to, our cells are made up of water.
Mostly water, 80% and 90% water somewhere.
Water is hydrogen.
Hydrogen has 12 vortices.
That's behaving with it.
12 opposing vortices.
So what in your model model what happens to these sons when they supernova?
Everything gets old and died everything gets old and died and does everything recompress has to and you breathe out what happens to that air another plant Breeds that area.
So would this be the universe itself?
Would it be galaxies?
Would it be everything?
Everything pays the same way.
So as the Sun expands and projects and it Jets particles they expand they go further and further from the Sun and at a certain point they come back.
Well at a certain point [2:00:01] What did they hit?
There's other expanding stars and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, So when they meet our our plant our star meets the solar wind from another star at that end of that spot Now there's two pressure conditions.
So you have another Lagrange spot that's happening there That's when those waves start coming back, but they get hit and they If they hit at 120 degrees because that's how the universe is arranged Now these things become electric, so they, instead of coming from the planar side and expanding out at the equator, they now come back up from the northern and southern's parts.
So does this account for stellar nurseries?
Yes.
All of these things are just pressure conditions [2:01:00] hitting each other.
And they're causing that.
That's where the Berkland currents are running through.
Those higher electrical fields, but everything in the universe is just electricity.
And we call it magnetism when it's devitalized, but it's still electricity.
We call it the radiative side.
It's the feminine side.
And the contractive side is the positive masculine side.
It's a balance and it's never been anything but that balance and we've complicated it with a lie.
If you're right, so many people are wrong.
Everyone's wrong.
Oh, well the universe backs me up and I have the proof of it.
You have all these physicists that saying something different, but none of them have 97 patents.
None of them have introduced a new form of flight with unlimited mid-air bonding.
None of them have discovered four super-symmetrical systems.
This is [2:02:02] what we've done.
This is what the collective is able to do when you put yourself into the divine space.
Because that spirit is waiting.
It's just like, okay, are you going to make yourself available for it?
So let me ask you this.
If you fire a magic wand and I allowed you to not just show this, but allowed all of these people that have these opposing ideas, you debate them, you do get out, you emerge victorious, okay?
With this magic wand and now people go, just listen to the talents, what do we do?
Well then, now we write new axioms and new postulates based off the real wave conjugations.
Now we adjust our understanding of our physics to fit natural phenomena.
And then we are in balance with it and we have to let go of the idea of this currency, [2:03:01] where the only creatures in the known universe that uses currency.
They use as an indirect form of payment instead of a direct exchange.
We have to get past that point and that's the hard thing because this entire world is run on that and that's where the one times one, equaling two, came into its real birth.
Well, the thing about currencies is it's connected to technological innovation because of this unlimited potential for growth.
And when you have an unlimited potential for growth, you have people that are extremely motivated to make massive amounts of money and they innovate in a very high way.
And then they also implement that innovation in the form of technology.
But their technology is antiquated compared to mine.
a highway and then they also implement that innovation in the form of technology.
But their technology is antiquated compared to mine.
There's no government on this planet that has the technology that I have, or can outdo what I have because you can't outdo the franco.
How many people have you, I know you spoke at Oxford about this, but you didn't speak.
[2:04:02] Yeah, they didn't know.
They didn't, Oxford did something that broke my heart.
Five minutes before the presentation, they wouldn't allow me to have a screen and show my proof.
Why?
Oh, the computer was down.
And I was like, well, you can use my computer.
No, we have sensitive things attached to it.
You know, I just need to protect there.
I don't need anything else because they just they didn't want me to go and talk about this and that's why I went out there and said, hey pull out your calculator.
I talked about acting for a couple of minutes for 20 minutes and then I was like pull out your calculator and I want you to enter the square root of two in there and I let's walk through this loop that is the square root of two.
I was like, let's walk through this where the square root of two cubed is the same value as the square root of two times two.
And then when you divide it by two and cube it again, you get back to the, take the square root of two, 1.414213562373095.
[2:05:04] You cube it, it's 2.828, 4271, 2174, 6190.
Divided by two, it gets back to 1.414.
Cube it again, it's back to 2.828.
Divided by two, back to 1.414.
Here we're making, here we're taking, 1, 2, 3 big steps.
We're dividing it by two and we get back to the same value as we had in the very beginning.
That's a loop.
That's x cubed being equal to 2x, which is equal to x plus x.
That's a natural equation.
And every quantum mechanics and quantum physics equation has that square root of two in there.
We've been living in this lie, this fostered lie for so long.
And what's the solution to that?
The solution is learning how to multiply volumetrically, how the universe multiplies.
And I've already produced all of these things.
Could you explain that though to the layperson?
How does the universe multiply volumetrically as opposed to the way...
[2:06:02] It does not move, does it linearly.
It does not walk on all of our math is based upon a two-dimensional projection what they do in calculus they will reduce one act if the action of all things they'll keep trying to reduce it down to one moment because they believe Newton's first law that everything is moves in a straight line or everything is still until acted upon.
They forget that everything is in motion, and that concert of motion is a necessity.
They have to include all the other forces involved in order to have equanimity in their equations.
And so how, in a practical sense sense does this affect mathematics?
Well, once we let go of Cartesian space and the 90 degree angle, we'll picture this.
Let's take another practical place.
Look at a computer chip.
It has all of these 90 degree turns on it, typically where they run the electricity.
Can you imagine running at 186,624 miles a second in one direction and you hit a wall and you've got to stop, bounce [2:07:11] off of that wall and then you pick up your speed and you bounce off the next wall and you bounce off the next and the next and the next and the next.
How much heat are you building up?
How much friction is being built up from the interference in comparison to if it was just spherical?
Just going around.
It would build up no heat and it would allow it to be spiral, which my patent was talking about, that first patent was talking about.
You're able to utilize all that energy so you don't need the cooling systems.
You don't need all of this loss or entropy None of that occurs when you go by universal standards That's all they have to do is follow what the universe does we have the the contractive side patented Ready and available.
We have the expanded side [2:08:04] Patented worked out already, ready and available and we've got the constitution between the two of them.
But how does that affect in a practical use?
If you're using math on a calculator, what is wrong with what the calculator is saying?
The calculator right now is still saying that we're on a linear path.
And it's just multiplying things in a compartmentalized space.
So by reductionist viewpoint, by breaking things down to simple numbers, that you really can't just do that.
You can try to do it, but it's like the piano.
Remember the piano, the earlier pianos, they had before they compartmentalized and everything was, remember that everything in the universe expands as a sphere, everything.
Even music expands as a sphere.
But what they did with the piano is they took all the 12 notes and then they just started [2:09:02] them all over again instead of accounting for the expansion, that space.
So you would never, if you're looking at the periodic table, you would never get to the titanium or to the rubidium or to the cesium because they would all keep it with just the seven tones.
They don't allow all of these other isotopes to use because they keep things here.
You don't allow your child.
Nope, nope, nope, you're not going to get taller.
I need you to stay just at four feet.
That's the height.
That's how you can go.
You will now be allowed to grow further and we naturally keep growing and expanding out.
So they have to allow that but their math doesn't allow it because it believes in a two-dimensional space and remember there are no two-dimensional spaces because in order for anything to be perceived it has to be measurable and measurable needs three dimensions but it actually needs [2:10:03] four and needs your perspective.
You are the fourth dimension, and that's what Walter Russell also talked about, that it was four things coming together.
And that's what woke me back up, and I was like four bubbles meeting.
But he still believed in the idea of straight lines.
He was still hemmed in by it.
And he's right there, becomes a cube sphere There comes a point where everything comes together But even Hold on, I'm gonna try and pull up Is it because that we can create straight lines that we get confused?
We can't create it because even when you look at it under an electron microscope You'll see all the little curved dots that make it up There are no straight lines like if you look at it.
Right, you get in a box.
If you look at this you'll say, oh that's a square right there, right in the middle.
Sure.
You'll see that square happening right there.
But if you look at it from the side, from its real perspective, you see that it's not.
[2:11:00] The straight lines are an illusion.
Again, we are being fooled by our senses because there is no motion in the straight line.
So all these homes that they're building, and they keep wondering, why did they keep blowing over?
Why don't you make the homes look like a mushroom, follow the curvature of nature, and you won't have to worry about rebuilding them in hurricane zones or in tornado zones.
You'll go right over it.
They don't make airplanes, that's just a straight box.
They've allowed it to be aerodynamic and curved.
They moved away from the straight lines and that aspect in boats.
They don't have a, you know, the Noah's arc moving across like this.
They don't do that.
Like I said, no man would be attracted to a Cartesian woman, to a Euclidean woman.
Something just straight like this.
We need the curvature like the Alan Wads say.
We need the wiggles.
We like the wiggles attached to it.
Yeah, that makes sense about homes.
[2:12:00] Why do they keep making them flat when, and they keep getting blown around?
I don't know what the fuck is there easy to make they're easy to make but it's easier to make the curved ones It would be much simpler to do it But all of our technology is built on these bricks of the platonic solids So now we have new building materials with what I've introduced Entirely new building materials that we can use.
That I've proven and it's super symmetrical that you don't have to just stay with the rectangle.
Yeah.
You can do anything you want and you can produce energy.
I want to show the magnetic field.
We've talked about the electric field.
Will you show the video for, it's a light column?
Let me pause real quick.
I gotta take a leak.
Let's pause and we'll come back to that.
So pick it up with magnetic field.
We'll know what to do.
Okay, where were we?
Magnetic what?
There it is.
[2:13:01] Yes, so this is me taking, this is the feminine side and me taking four of them and stacking them on each other.
My wife ran one string of lights down the middle of it, but watch as this spins.
What is this that I'm looking at?
I call it light sculpture.
It's my transcendental lighting.
Wow.
A new form of lighting.
This is insane.
This looks like a psychedelic experience.
But this is repeating.
This is rebuilding and predicting the wayfield, the entire wayfield of how it behaves.
That's what the magnetic field does.
That's why I call it transcendent lighting because you could sit up there sober and get taken into an entirely new place and I just spent it.
I have it on a little string at the top and I just turned it.
Yeah, if you just make one of these and have it rotating on some sort of engine, people [2:14:03] would just trip balls, staring at that.
And nobody is, you know, it's like I can completely change the lighting industry.
And that's just one of the conjugations.
Inside of there, the gift that I gave you, you'll see how the magnetic field bonds, it interacts with itself, how they overlap.
If you take those off of it.
Yeah, take those off of there, that's the electric field.
What you have right there, all those are defined in the electric field and you see they're contractive.
But inside of there, you'll see that the magnetic field.
How did you make these?
I take acetate.
They might think it's?
I take acetate and I think it's I take acetate and draw out the flower on it and I take the pieces of the flower and then I use a soldering soldering, you know.
So you make all these by hand?
I build all those by hand.
So what this is crazy.
[2:15:01] That right there is the light if you take that's right there, which you're holding in your hand.
No, no, no, take where six bubbles meet.
That is the decay.
This is electric and this is the magnetic side of it.
This is that at its decay.
This is when the light is expanded out.
This is the decay of the light field when it becomes a magnetic thing, a magnetic expression.
Light is blue.
Now electricity is blue.
Light comes out in yellow and red.
And how is this concept of taking these forces and converting them or representing them as these shapes.
How is this received?
Nobody has responded to it.
They won't, the universities.
I went to Morgan State because of a really, really beautiful brother brought me up there to Morgan State because he saw [2:16:00] these things.
Yeah, no, I'm good.
He saw these things and we set up an entire presentation at Morgan State.
Dr.
Bardwell, even though I've written, we've got three papers that's been peer reviewed.
You know, the geometry of the proton and the tetrian that's been peer reviewed.
He said, there's no way this guy knows any of this stuff.
And so he knows any of the things inside of here.
So no one from the science department showed up.
So they bused in children from different schools.
And I talked to them and I showed them how the universe worked.
And then they brought like 20 PhDs from outside that came in and I showed them how the universe really behaves.
You know, but none of them spoke on and out because what happens, what happens to root for a children.
When you speak against the established norm, you get pushed outside.
You don't get funding anymore.
[2:17:00] I think part of the problem is also that when someone defines someone as one particular occupation and for you, it's you're a very talented actor.
So people...
You're a very talented actor, my opinion.
So people think of you in that way and so there's no way he's awesome at something else too.
Yeah well a lot of that happened, like you said, the guy that interviewed you for Rolling Stone.
Yeah, Eric.
Eric, I invited him into my home for two days, and I walked him through all of these things, but he had an agenda at Rolling Stone.
They didn't say Terrence Howard has discovered this, and they said Terrence Howard, a very dangerous mind.
So you put that kind of...
Did they mean that in a complimentary way?
I didn't read the article.
So I can't tell you.
It wasn't taken in a complimentary way.
So they thought you were crazy.
They took it as crazy.
And he tells you that I had something serious, but to everyone else, [2:18:05] I wanna take you guys to something where, remember Nicholas Tesla said, it said, a mankind understood the magnificence of the numbers, three, six, and nine, he would have the keys to the secrets of the universe.
If you will go to the Linchpin's bonding, can I bring you back to the Rolling Stone thing though, because you kind of abandoned it?
I think- No, I'm going to show you okay.
I'll show you on the agenda They had an agenda.
Yeah, because remember at the same time they were calling me a wife feeder and all of those things And then I put out the video showing what that same woman That had Paying in a black eye those pictures weren't made at the police station or at the hospital.
She took those pictures herself and she was blackmailing me for years because I used to had, when we met, and I was studying to be a Joe's witness.
[2:19:02] I was trying to do all those things.
So we weren't having any sex or any of that stuff So we got engaged and I bring her to my home in Philly and I had this tape because I Anytime I had interactions with somebody I'd heard that that That Louis Louis Armstrong recorded everything around him.
You know, same thing with Marlon Brando.
I recorded all his interactions with people.
So I was recording things, and if I'd had phone sex with some girl, I was recording that.
If we were having sex, I recorded that because I wanted to make sure there was proof of, you know, if anything happened.
But I also recorded my mother the last two weeks before she died.
And I had that on a dictaphone.
And I didn't play with computers at the time.
And she was like, oh, why you got this on the dictaphone?
I can put it into the computer.
I was like, oh, great.
And we could keep it forever.
Wonderful.
You're so wonderful.
[2:20:00] I go downstairs.
I'm cooking some greens.
Two hours later, I come upstairs, all of my dictaphones.
From the last 15 years, she has downloaded into her computer.
And then she's like, I was like, no, no, those are my private things.
I don't, oh, no, it's okay.
I can just hit delete.
And so I was like, okay, great.
And then three months later, when I tried to break up with her because we had no sexual, you know, there was no chemistry.
Chemistry.
Sexually.
She was like, you think I erased those things?
I kept those.
And I know what you've done.
And she started with the blackmail and all I really wanted back was my mother's tape.
You know where she told me, I know you gonna be okay Terry I always knew you were gonna be okay I just wanted my mother's voice back.
I paid her whatever money she wanted she destroyed that.
She destroyed my name but like I said I thought that was a death blow but that's what took me back when I had nothing that's what took me back when I had nothing.
That's what took me back to this [2:21:07] and that greater being started showing up again.
And you think if that had not happened, you probably would have gone further and further in front of the job world of acting, you would have abandoned us.
Oh my goodness, I had, you know, I was doing Iron Man.
I don't know where, you know, that gets taken away.
We did a three-picture deal with Marvel, a three-picture deal, four and a half million for the first one, seven and a half to eight million for the second one, twelve million for the third.
We signed it.
They come back to me the week that my mother dies.
My, and they call it my agent Charles King over at, he was at William Morris at the time.
And they said, yeah, we want Terence, but we want to come back for a million dollars instead of the eight million that we had agreed to.
And my agent had an emotional reaction to a business decision.
[2:22:01] And he said, F you and hung up the phone, well immediately they go to Don Chito.
And, but instead of just doing that they had to spin oh he was terrible on set and all of these things and went through all this stuff and I'm calling Robert Downey Jr.
I'm calling him because when I was doing the brave one with with Jody Foster Susan Downey was a producer with Joel Silver.
She comes over to my my my my trailer and she's like wow it's so amazing.
Congratulations on Iron Man.
It's the first time they've hired the second lead before they've hired the first but Robert wants to go in there and they were talking about Clive Davis and all of that and I was like, okay, great.
You know, I'm just moving along doing my thing and it's just like, but Robert really wants to go in, but they won't see him and I was like, I love Robert.
I love what he does.
I loved him in weird science.
[2:23:00] I loved him.
Who did they want?
They want to climb Davis to play to play it because remember in the series War Machine was supposed to take over.
Right.
And I'm like, well, if Robert wants to come in, so I called Avi a rod immediately.
He was the producer on it.
And I'm like, Avi, I hear Robert wants to come in, but you guys won't even let him audition.
He's like, no, we can't bond him.
I'm like, instead of the four and a half, you want to give me why don't you take a million dollars for the bond for him?
If he get, if, if, and let him audition, you know, and so he gets the part Robert is like, I love you.
Thank you so much.
Dada, da, da, da, da da da, well, when this other thing happened, I'm calling Robert and he's doing Sherlock Holmes.
I called him 27 times and I'm like, and leave a message.
I'm calling his assistant.
I'm like, I need the help I gave you.
I didn't hear from him until three years later.
[2:24:01] I bumped into him at Brian Grazier's wedding.
And then, but at that time, I I had Empire or whatever and I came back and it's like, oh, but everything worked out for you.
And you know, that broke me a little bit, but I know how hard Robert had it.
Coming out of jail.
Coming out of that jail.
And so if I had to sacrifice myself in order for that, because guess what?
If Euclid or any of them had discovered one of the wave conjugations, they would have been happy.
I was given not just the one.
I was given the entire electric field and magnetic field and the Constitution between them.
So I was given so much more in my wife when she first saw the mirror all shaped You know if you open it up you'll see it's the it's [2:25:00] right here My wife looked at this, the feminine side, because that's all I had really gotten to at that point.
She was like, this is what you'll be remembered for, and your acting will be just a footnote.
And you know, she nursed me back to life because I was angry.
I was really angry.
And I was going to use all of the knowledge that I had and I was going to destroy mankind.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Right out of marble.
I was like, yeah, I was about to, but then.
Well, I'm glad you didn't.
Now I know I'm here to help mankind.
This is, you know, have the universities check out what I'm doing?
Well, it's one of the most fascinating things about this, is that it's so easy to ridicule when an actor [2:26:01] has something that's outside of acting that changes everything.
But if you were just a person, if you were just a person who went to school, became fascinated with these concepts, became obsessed and made it your life's work.
And maybe you acted in college a little bit.
No one would care.
No.
But you would become successful as an actor.
As a bad guy.
Yes.
And then you'd gone through all that bullshit.
So you'd gone through all that bullshit.
And now they're like, no, no, no, no, that guy.
There's no way.
Those are threshold guardians though.
It's a necessary step for it.
I would gladly trade whatever $100 million I would have made doing that for this right here.
What I've been able to do right here, like I said, when Tesla said, if mankind could understand the significance of three, six and nine, they have keys to the universe, will you play that video for me, Jamie?
Yes, the Lynchpin bonding, it's stuff.
It's, I think it'll be, [2:27:00] well, there's three of them.
Yes, that one right there.
Now, before we play it, if you count the struts and watch how many struts bond as it becomes this right here, and just count it as it goes, just let it play.
You'll see one, two, three.
And we know this is magnetism because it's expanding in the center.
Now you'll see six of these bonds.
And those colors going across there is basically the periodic table.
Five, six.
And then the last one comes in.
And now you have your nine.
And the last one comes in and now you have your nine.
And this is magnetism, like I said, magnetism expands at the center.
So you have your three, six, nine and it's back to that same fractal again.
[2:28:03] So now what you do, if you will do me a favor.
So when Tesla said that, what did he mean?
He was talking about these numbers, this interaction of this three, six and nine, but this is all of them coming around the Tetrian at 120 degrees.
Wow.
This is how they all behave and this is the fractal because it keeps getting back to these four vortices.
But now I want to show you, after let us go again so they could see it, how all of this, this is the grand unified field put together.
Now I want to show you electricity in this space which would be the next one.
And you'll see five linchpans bonding and you'll see that it collapses the Dodecahedron and that's the release of energy but it'll still make that same tetrahedral space.
Watch.
So when I talk about materials engineering now being able to be manipulated.
[2:29:06] And you could see that the Dodecahedron has been collapsed and these other, because electricity is seeking higher pressure conditions.
It's more dense.
And we're back to the, and these five will keep bonding with other fives, building predictable structures, not haphazard things.
These will four of these will come together and make a larger tetrahedron.
And then those will bond and make largest.
This is Jesus walking on water.
This is the proof in the pudding.
They don't have this for their chemical engineering programs now.
They don't need those models of just a ball and just that little rod anymore.
They now have what's necessary.
The carbon line is that yellow line in between it.
And when we put this in the solar apex and replace the sun with it, it predicts every star on a galactic plane, the elliptic, the ecliptic plane, and the celestial plane.
[2:30:04] Every single star it predicts it when we put groups of linchpin it predicts entire relationships.
So now that's why I say the Heisenberg uncertainty principle is out the window because now with this combined with the wave conjugations or with the mere shapes you can, whether it's expanding or contracting we can now predict precisely where everything shall occur.
And the Linch pens have been, I've included all of that into the AI for the Linch pens and the best thing about IBM and all of those other companies, Raytheon, taking my patent and making money off of it.
Since I have priority, since I invented it.
I can now use any innovation that they've done off of my patent and not have to pay them a licensing fee.
Really?
I have priority.
So that's why I was like, where is Elon Musk?
But they put all that crap out there.
[2:31:03] And after that doctor did that stuff with the blood thing, they think everybody's a liar.
But it's like, I'm not just an actor.
One of the biggest things I've done is that patent ARVR world that we live in.
Doctor, you mean that Elizabeth, whatever name was?
Yes, but they think everything is a scam.
And then you have the Rolling Stones, you have the Guardian, you have all these people saying these negative things to where people wouldn't take it seriously and didn't even consider it.
So I'm like, okay, and in nature, an animal isn't given horns unless it needs them.
So our society as humans, we wouldn't be given this information right now unless we needed it and unless it was necessary for our continued existence and survival.
We're about to destroy our planet, but with this you don't need to.
You don't need to because now we know how to use the universe properly where you can [2:32:03] multiply what that gun, we get more energy out of it than we put in, which physics says is impossible, and they gave me the patents to it.
But nobody wants to have a conversation.
When you think that the origin of hominids, that this is a naturally occurring thing that happens when a planet reaches a certain distance from its star in a Goldilocks zone with the proper materials.
Of course, the pressure conditions created.
Look at...
So you think this is happening everywhere.
Everywhere.
Everywhere because everything is alive.
Look at what happens in the summer and in the north in portion.
The Alamwad said, you'll see apples occurring at this time.
They'll say that the tree is appling.
Well, what happens with the planets?
Oh, it's people-ing.
This is just people-ing.
[2:33:01] This is just what occurs at 93 million miles away from the sun.
What do you think occurs after us?
Well, once we get pushed out further, what happens?
We need nitrogen to expand and to unwind and to oxygen.
But since the nitrogen, since when we get pushed further out, the nitrogen is so far out, so we have to go deeper underground to have the pressure conditions that was equal to us having 93 million miles away from the sun.
The deeper underground we go, the less light we have.
And as a result of that, skin begins to gray, eyes get bigger.
All of those necessary things, the things that we see and aliens and all of that ends up taking place.
As the animal adapts to changing environment.
Changing, changing pressure condition, we have to.
We have to change.
Why is it that white people are allergic to the sun?
Because they've lived inside of a pressure condition [2:34:01] where there was not as much sun there.
So when they get into this area where there's not as much sun there.
So when they get into this area where there's a lot of sun, now you have melanoma and all of those other issues, but if they're in their natural environment, they don't have any of those problems.
So they have to keep recreating their natural conditions that allows them to have homogenous nature with everything, but we're living outside of nature.
Because we're acting on faulty ideas.
Faulty fundamentals.
We're still going with Euclidean straight lines when they are not and we would rather think we have understanding of the universe at 4% and keep the 96% as a mystery.
And we invent all these science fictions, black holes, and dark matter, and dark energy, and all of this stuff, neutron stars that spinning so quickly, we invent all of these things [2:35:02] because the math is off.
Because the math is not based on equanimity and they have normalization.
You know, there's, I'm not going to go down the whole rabbit hole on it, but everything they've been doing, that's why they keep recreating and have a new theory for this.
Now a boson and a God particle, and this, and you have the three quark model, and the gluons holding them together.
Now we have the four, the five quark model, and we have all of these extra things that they keep inventing, and they have the certain collider, smashing living things together.
Smash, because these protons, they're live.
Everything is conscious.
There's a, like, where's consciousness exist in mankind?
Is it in our head and our body?
What's the difference between men or mammals and plant life?
[2:36:02] Do you think a grain of rice has 54,000 genomes in it?
We only have 26,000.
Who is more evolved?
But what's the difference between us?
If you, Jamie, could pull up the, I have a picture showing hemoglobin and chlorophyll.
And you're going to notice that the hemoglobin has the exact combination of carbon and hydrogen that we have.
The only difference they have is the center of theirs is magnesium and the center of ours is iron.
That's the only difference.
You put a cephalopod up there, it will be copper.
The same interaction of chem, so where does consciousness occur?
Where does the sentient being, is it just in the iron or is it the magnesium deals with the pressure condition like with a cephalopod, it has to have copper at its base because [2:37:03] of the pressure condition.
The same experience just under a different temporal dimension.
Change the pressure condition, change the motion condition, you change the organism and adapt.
But it's the same living principle.
There's no difference between us and the plants and when people are chopping down and ripping things off just because they can't hear them scream.
It's wrong.
So TCOTLC.com, we put all the patents inside of the Center for Truth, Love and Consciousness.
That's what TCOTLC.com means because I knew that I have a propensity to get angry and get emotional and could misuse this stuff.
So we have a board of Members that dictate how these things will be licensed out and how they're used.
So it's not just on me So where do you think consciousness is coming from?
Everything is alive.
Everything is conscious.
Everything is like if you take it from the biblical thing [2:38:04] What part of the universe wasn't made from the creator?
Did he pick up some other if the creator as you turn up?
So we just don't think of them as being alive because they don't move and they don't talk to us.
They don't, we don't speak their language.
We don't have the sensory ability to perceive their consciousness.
But we know, we've learned, like if you look at the secret life of plants, they show that they'll take plants of the same mother and father and they'll seatlings and they'll watch the root growth.
And because they are siblings, they are moderate in their root growth.
But then they'll take the same species of plant but use a different seed from another parent and they're more aggressive in their root growth.
Wow, the cooperative.
The cooperative?
Yes, when they're in the family.
The tree, they'll take radioactive carbon or nitrogen and put it on the leaf of a mother tree of a fern or of some kind of f fertry.
And they will put isotope or radioactive identifier [2:39:10] at its offspring.
And you'll see that that mother tree is through the mycelia is taking that nitrogen and giving it to its youngsters.
Yes.
They call out, they speak and they're interactive.
And they share resources.
They're alive and sent speak and they're interactive and their share resources.
They're alive and sentient because everything is alive.
But we see everything as death, as dead because of what the Bible said.
Because it breathed into life.
You know, in the universe it's just one big, exact, big, nothingness of dead.
There's nothing dead in the universe.
Everything is alive and everything is a piece of God.
So when God, when we do good things, then God is considered God is good.
When we do bad things, God works in mysterious ways.
It's just how we are behaving.
[2:40:01] And we can all take the conscious level and recognize, okay, somebody's got to do the right thing and if you do the right thing, the right things happen.
And you're going up against the stream of mankind, but I've got the entire universe behind me.
I have the universal phenomenon and observable evidence and data that stands behind it and 97 patents and trademarks and Copyrights and multiple industries that I've invented nobody else have ever invented 10 gentle flight and ability to fly or unlimited midair bonding There's also a lot less confidence in the stream of mankind than there used to be There's much more of an understanding that the stream of mankind is often going in the wrong direction because of the Michelson Morley experiment of an understanding that the stream of mankind is often going in the wrong direction.
Because of the Michelson-Morley experiment in 1887 and because special relativity took off and that meant, oh, everything is dead.
So we have no responsibility to anything.
[2:41:01] Everything is happenstance.
We all got here by one big explosion and therefore life has no purpose.
Nothing has a purpose.
So now we can kill off these things.
But they haven't looked at hemoglobin and chlorophyll.
They haven't looked and said, okay, wait a minute.
Let's do the law of similarities.
If A is equal to B and B is equal to C, then A is equal to C.
My view is this.
If you know one thing about one thing, you know one thing about all things.
Find the common factor and either multiply or divide.
That common factor happens to be hydrogen.
Everything in that we, an observable universe that we see is 99% hydrogen.
Well now we have the geometry of hydrogen.
So now we can manipulate 99% of the universe.
And there's nothing we can accomplish.
But they're still trying to make that money.
Yeah, that's the problem.
The problem was we're contained and confined by this desire for constant, never ending growth [2:42:04] in money, and to control industries, and to control people's ability also to express themselves, which is a big factor in this strange new world that we're living in, where almost anybody can express themselves.
Yeah, things get very weird and slippery.
If you have been used to being in control for the entire time, and now you can't, and so when an idea like this, if you're correct, this is not just groundbreaking, it's revolutionary.
It's revolutionary.
It's revolutionary.
This has never occurred where someone has completely destroyed the telemetic model of the solar system.
They had 39 different equations of how the planets and all that moved.
And of course you're going to get ridiculed, which is always what happens.
When someone comes along, especially someone like yourself, who again became successful in a different field, you know, and now all of a sudden you're saying this, like again, if you were a regular person that didn't have a background, wasn't famous for something [2:43:04] else, they'd probably be looking at this very differently.
a regular person that didn't have a background wasn't famous for something else.
They'd probably be looking at this very differently.
But no, they still wouldn't accept it because it challenges their entire last 5,000 years of knowledge.
It means that the people that give all this credit about the pyramids, if those were built by an advanced civilization, and I'm not saying they weren't built by someone that used other things, but I believe those things came initially from 100, 200,000 years ago, and the shape was more like this.
But after people had been removed or the influences of the individuals that made them like this, they now was like, okay, we're just going to make them with straight lines and they limited themselves to that because they opened up the flower of life incorrectly.
They invented straight lines where even God can't make a straight line because of his rules, the rules, their rules of equanimity.
[2:44:06] And what do you mean by 200,000 years ago?
There's over 130 something thousand years worth of water damage under this thing's itself.
Where do you get that?
You can look it up under that.
Well, I've talked to Robert Shaw, because he's a geologist at Boston University, and he thinks that there's a lot of water damage on the temple this thing but he did it doesn't think it's that old it thinks it's thousands of years of rainfall thousands of years of rain but that's just after the cutting of the stone you know and it's it's a disputed thing it's not universally accepted it's a fantastic theory but uh...
the temple go back to Temple.
Go back to Temple.
Yeah, Temple.
You go back there, what they've done with the carbon dating on that in itself is like 13, 14,000 years old.
I think it's 11.
I think it's 11.
It was buried, purposely buried, which is the fascinating aspect of it, that the dating [2:45:02] is universal through the ground, which shows that it was purposely buried 11,000 years ago.
So that would put the construction time previous to that.
They don't know though.
But look at some of the maps that came out of Southern Europe, not Southern Europe, Southern Africa, that showed Antarctica in its full, and how it behaved long before they were able to do a number of things they were able to do.
Right, when they didn't really even know it existed until I think it was...
Those oral traditions go back 100,000 years.
Yeah.
Those oral traditions don't go back, you know, 6,000 or 5,000 years.
So what do you think happened?
Mankind.
I mean, I'm...
Well, okay, let's unpack this.
If we are 98.7% identical to simians, right?
And there's only 1.3% differentiation.
Who's more evolved?
We're considered ourselves to be more evolved.
[2:46:02] But you look at the simians, they have 48 chromosomes.
We only have 46.
Where did that change occur?
Where did we get this new understanding and how did we lose to chromosomes, even though we're 98.7% identical in behavior just like that.
There's that 1.3% differentiation whether you want to call it the anonaku or some other influence that acted upon us but there's been a change within our DNA and our structure.
And we were given the Samaritans, the Samaritans were given their number system.
That's where the one times one, equaling one, came from.
And their system of straight lines or the platonic solids.
So my thoughts is the individuals that wanted us here to whatever work, whatever manipulation they did for us, [2:47:07] they wanted us to have a system of measurement, but something that could not contradict, not given us the full picture so they gave us a limited scope where we can measure small areas, but we would never need the larger areas, We would never need to be able to move out in space because we were engineered for a particular reason.
And those stories, you go right back, every civilization has similar stories.
The glow in the ancient traditions, but what did the Catholic church do?
They went through all of these areas and destroyed all of those books destroyed all of that information Why What just like the Taliban blew up the Buddhist statues.
Why?
Yeah.
Why did we destroy all of their Native Americans?
[2:48:08] All of their information.
What was the purpose of it?
There's a dumbing down that's happening.
Well, it's also a force compliance, right?
Comply with the new ideology.
Whoever's in control, whether it's the Catholic Church or the United States government, the 1800s that prevented Native Americans from speaking their native language.
Yeah.
Now, if you, if you're correct with this concept of a son ejecting particles, which eventually over billions of years form planets, and then there's a natural occurrence that happens where intelligent life forms emerge, and that this happens everywhere through the universe, and that there are steps, and that these steps that are past where we are, is what we look on the iconic form of aliens [2:49:01] with the large heads and the big eyes, and those tiny spindly gray bodies.
of aliens with the large heads and the big eyes and the tiny spindly gray bodies.
If we go to other planets and we do, especially with drones, if something knows how to travel here from somewhere else and understands this process because this process is ubiquitous throughout the entire universe, everyone, and at a certain level of technological sophistication and understanding of matter itself, especially if they have already figured all this stuff out a million years ago, they would probably want to experiment or even accelerate the evolution of our advancement.
And it appears our advancement happens very unnatural.
I think most biologists will agree that the biggest mystery in the entire fossil record is the doubling of the human brain size over a period of two million years.
It's a very very very fascinating point.
It's a real it's [2:50:03] it's not debatable.
Does it screen manipulation from an external for something?
Right, something.
It screams something took place because it's an extraordinary something and if it's the something that takes place that's responsible for this single most bizarre animal on the planet, the one that can manipulate its environment in a way that nothing contemporary can do.
Nothing along the side that lives with it in the same timeline is even close.
Nothing's even remotely close.
It's very, very, very different, but it's also extremely flawed for something that has such a high level of technical sophistication.
Because of our fundamentals.
Because we're still barbaric.
We're still a core.
We know the universe and the world is round, but we're still using flat principles to approach it.
Right.
And so if you were a super sophisticated creature from another planet [2:51:04] and you needed some particular materials from our planet.
And the Anunnaki stories all about gold.
Yes.
They needed gold.
Fixing up the...
Yeah.
The idea was that they were going to...
And this is all from Zechariah's Sitchens work.
Great.
And the idea was that they were going to suspend gold particles in their atmosphere in order to protect their environment.
Because they had abused.
Yeah.
They had abused it.
I think there was also some speculation about volcanic eruptions, that volcanic eruptions had probably ruined their atmosphere as well.
But they had the ability to do something about it.
And the way to do something about it is to mine gold and that they took us and they created us from the hominids.
From the hominids.
The reason why that's so interesting is because gold is fucking useless 10,000 years ago.
Why do you need gold?
No one needs gold.
If you're surviving, if you're a hunter-gatherer, gold means jack shit to you.
[2:52:02] Why is it the number one method of currency throughout all human beings all over the world?
Well remember they abandoned remember for a long time like if you're speaking if you're thinking about Italians they talk about they it's salt the salt yeah it was salt salt was what we used for currency in exchange for the gold.
We use, so where did the gold come?
Why did we have an appetite for it?
If it wasn't placed into us, if it does not sustain us in any way.
It's very intriguing.
It's very intriguing because it doesn't do anything.
You can't make a weapon out of it.
You can't make a tool out of it.
It's too soft.
It's excellent for electronics.
You made.
And they weren't necessarily doing electronics, but silver is even more conductive if you want it for electronics.
Silver is like 17 times the conductivity of gold.
But they weren't even using it.
No.
Right.
But they did use silver as well.
Silver was also used as currency.
[2:53:03] But not like gold.
Gold's the king.
Always has been Gold is number one.
So why do we love it?
Why do we need it?
Why do we trade life for it always?
Why have people like risk their lives traveling across the sea with wooden boats filled up with it to the point where they sink?
And then we find these fucking bones these dead soldiers and then we find these fucking bones, these dead soldiers.
Mm-hmm.
Surrounded by gold coins.
It's crazy.
One of the greatest things about the Lynchpin is it's also submersible.
And so one of the main points is, you know, I'm about to build five smaller ones.
The only thing that I'm missing right now, because we've have built a ton of, we've got like 20 different prototypes that so so when you say submersible you mean transmitting no transmitting they can go under water like these u.a.p.s yeah but no we can go underwater right and be able to go now and be able to grab they can identify where that gold is oh god and now they can go [2:54:03] down and pull it up themselves without even informing the government about it.
I don't need any of that other stuff.
And I think that's why this has been suppressed.
When I first took it over to Rathion, I had these two test pilots, you know, both colonos, you know, within, been there for 30 years, one at Boeing, one at Rathion, he said, let the people at Rtheon said, let's see if he can keep it.
They didn't know I had all these other patents surrounding it that I...
They had no idea, but it's usage.
If they use it, the world changes in a beautiful way.
If they ignore it, we cease to exist, because we'll continue down this wrong path.
So do you think that intelligent life in all places of the universe has figured this out already?
If they are traveling here, they have, because you don't use power to go from one place [2:55:01] to another, you decouple from the electric pool.
You decouple from the earth and guess what?
The earth pulls away from you at its speed.
You decouple from the solar system.
It pulls away at its speed.
You decouple from the galaxy.
It pulls away from you.
That's all you really need to do, but they didn't know how to decouple.
In two years, I won't need props anymore.
I'll use molecular excitation, which is all inside of the patents that I've put in there.
So one of the things about this whole back engineering thing that you keep hearing about with UAPs, the back engineering, is gravity propulsion systems.
Is that there's a system, this is what Bob Lazar talked about, a system that uses a stable element called element 115 that was just theoretical until they discovered that it actually exists in a particle collider in the 2000s.
So he was talking about this in 1989.
And what he's saying is that there's some sort of stable element that gets bombarded with electricity and it creates this gravity wave.
[2:56:08] That you can do that or you can just like with music use a discordant tone and those tones will push away.
There's a particular tone that the earth is on.
There's a particular tone, the key of A.
It's 432 Hertz, the Schumann Resonance.
All you have to do is have the opposite tone to that and it will be pushed away from it.
You don't, the same way a bubble at the bottom of the ocean doesn't use any energy to get to the top.
But because it's completely in opposition to its environment, the environment pushes it away.
That's what you do if you're an intelligent race.
You can use an or if you're trying to swim across the ocean, you can get across there, but an intelligent species like Alan Watts said, will use a sail and they'll tack and make [2:57:05] their way across.
You use the energy, that's what judo is.
It's supposed to be the dial, the dial way, which is the woo way, which is not forcing anything.
And the Japanese just say judo in a harsher sense, but it still means using the energy of your opponent against it without expressing unnecessary energy.
So you just use the equal and opposite forces of tones.
You can do all of this stuff with tone.
You don't need to use any electricity beyond creating the frequency.
That's what the Beatles use, not the Beatles, the singer group, but those Beatles that they have in the scarab beetles and those people that were doing those experiments with it.
That's what these shapes use properly, [2:58:00] vibrated properly, it's a levitation.
And so that would be the method of propulsion.
Method of propulsion and also decoupling.
And so it wouldn't show visible means of propulsion.
Just like these UAPs don't show visible means of propulsion.
They don't have a heat signature.
No.
So they'd be operating on something entirely different that's allowing it to propel.
And then you could figure out how to manipulate that how.
Take the frequency of the earth and find out what's the equal and opposite tone to it.
Wrap your ship in there.
And how fast could this thing go?
You've decouple from the earth.
You move at what's the earth moving at a thousand miles an hour or so.
Takes 24 hours for it to get around.
You know how quickly is our solar system spinning?
Whatever that tone, whatever that frequency is, whatever that speed is, you decouple from the solar system, now the solar system moves away from it.
So in that sense, you could move it in sane speeds and not experience G-Force.
[2:59:03] No, nothing whatsoever.
And that's what the Linchpin or the angles of incidence allows, you could move it in sane speeds and not experience G-Force.
No, nothing whatsoever.
That's what the Lynch pin or the angles of incidence allows because now we can decouple from these six relative positions.
So when we feel a G-Force, like when you're in a, if you ever flown in a fighter jet before, you feel those insane G-Forces.
Mm-hmm.
What that is is the resistance of the Earth itself of the spin of the earth itself of our centripetal place where we are with the Remember the earth is spinning uh-huh the solar system is spinning and acting a force the Galaxy is spinning and acting on it and now the force is pushing down So if you decouple from them, then you have no force pushing you through, and you can essentially travel instantaneously to anywhere if you have the right frequency.
The right frequency, it's all frequency.
It's all frequency.
And now, and the right angles of incidence, you can't get there with Cartesian space [3:00:01] or Euclidean 90 degrees, 45 degree things.
You cannot get there.
You have to have the truth.
And that's why I think I was given all of these things.
It's like, hey, let's stop destroying the planet.
You don't need oil to do all of the things you're doing.
You know, we can now take, right now we're writing a patent.
I'm working with Jeff Yee, another mathematician that we worked.
And me and Chris are doing another patent, but we're able to take the radioactive decayed water, the stuff that they're using to cool those rods and use the proper angles of incidence and the proper field and can reverse that radioactive decay in days and not take 100 years in order for it to do us just the change of pressure and motion conditions.
When I was talking to Jeff Yee about it, it was like, well, we can use neutrinos coming from the sun and saw that there was a different relationship like I was saying [3:01:03] before how radioactive decay happens, seems to happen quicker around Venus or closer to the sun.
And I was like, is it possible?
That's due to the change in the greater pressure condition that's happening, and therefore, the electricity is able to have a greater effect upon it.
You know, I was like, oh, no, no, how do you know that the pressure is greater?
You know, at Venus.
And I was like, oh, you still think that.
You still think there's a void.
You know, we'll send a probe there and see how the pressure increases and send a probe out and see how the pressure decreases.
The greater, closer to the sun or the apex or the primary, the closer to it, the higher the pressure, the further away, the less the influence or the primary, the closer to it, the higher the pressure, the further away, the less the influence.
Your child, my child, you get my child around me, I've got a great deal of influence on it.
And he behaves the way I expect him to behave.
You take him outside, you know, to a theme park and I'm not there, they run crazy.
[3:02:02] Right.
Because I'm not there.
They run crazy.
Right.
Because I'm not there to act upon them.
So you can use that for propulsion at the same time.
I feel like we could do a hundred of these podcasts, but I think we should wrap this one up.
We just did about three hours.
I saw when I was looking at a lot of your stuff.
I was like, damn, he'd be sitting there talking for three damn hours.
You just thought I was looking at a lot of your stuff, I was like, damn, maybe sitting there talking for three damn hours.
What are they talking about?
But we didn't even, we haven't even covered half of these things.
Let's do it again.
I would love to.
Let's do it again.
But if you, like I said, I'm very interested to see how this is received.
And I'm very there's gonna be a lot of people that want to be able to talk to you.
I'm leaving I'm leaving those things with you.
Beautiful.
Just so that you can and if you go into my book You can walk through and I explain all of us about 30 times just to try to get a slippery grip on any of it, but [3:03:01] Thank you.
I really appreciate you man.
I really appreciate you're a very rare person.
You too, man.
You made the challenge.
There's one question I want to ask you before you go.
Sure.
While you were on Fear Factor.
Yes.
And you watched people making choices for that gold.
Yeah.
What was your consensus about human nature in comparison to what dignity and integrity should move somebody to do in comparison for chasing that gold?
Well, I think for a lot of people, first of all, what happens is first the show becomes famous, right?
So the show gets on television.
Initially people do it because they want to be on television.
Then the show becomes successful and people do it because they like it.
They watch it home and they wonder if they could do it.
Could I do that?
Like most people say, the physical challenges, like, that was going to be interesting to me, but man, I can't eat bugs.
I can't do that.
Oh, that's in your head.
And it's like anything, it's just a challenge to see if you could overcome your natural instincts.
[3:04:07] I ate a roach, it was nothing.
It's no big deal.
I ate a bunch of things.
I ate a sh- I ate a cicada.
I ate a sheep's, cicadas are actually good.
Like people cook them.
And there's a bad, by the way, you should cook them because there's a giant hatch about to go down right now and they were just showing images of these things coming out of the ground because it's like a 13 year cycle.
And there's billions of them.
And you get them.
They're delicious.
A great source of protein.
Yeah, the great source protein.
People got to get past the idea in bugs.
But so then people started doing the show because they wanted to see if they could do it.
And you know, some people are in credit card debt, they're young, they want to take a chance, it might be fun.
Yeah, but at the end of the day, there's a certain amount of self-respect that comes up to it.
Like if I'm forced to eat a slug or something of that nature, if I'm on, like, naked and afraid, the drive's been crazy because they don't even get paid for it.
[3:05:01] They go out and get these parasites and for life.
Yeah.
for it, they go out and get these parasites and for life, and it changes them for life, and it's just for the freaking experience.
No, that's why we put on clothes.
It's the clout.
They want to be on television.
People want to be on television so bad.
And I think being on television is the worst thing that has ever happened.
I feel like an emotional whore, because they don't appreciate that I'm tapping into something sacred, some sacred emotions, and now I'm just turning tricks for Johns, turning tricks, and if I do a great job turning this trick, they'll do a gang bang with their buddies, literally and figuratively, you know, and that's what they want to do.
They want to make all the money out of you turning your tricks Yeah, but the thing is like for the person that watches it It's entertainment and it's very valuable like wow what a great fucking movie you leave you feel inspired you want to create You know, there's positive to it too.
I could see how you look at it as a negative experience But particularly you the producer you have so much more to ought well, yeah, there's always you're always gonna get pimps yeah and that's and I love interacting with the people and and I [3:06:10] love the the growth of that I love when people say you help me through a really dark area because even when I play bad guys I'm like I'm trying to find I'm finding the I know that bad person is just missing something that it wanted and needed like all humans.
Yeah.
Just a hug, just a right hug and, you know, and somebody understanding them.
I'm gonna leave with this one last thing.
Okay.
I was on the plane once and I always asked the older people when that's sitting next to me, what's the best advice you can give a young man?
You know, I was 33 and this, when we were going over to Germany, it's will take one minute.
We're going over to Germany and I asked this one guy, it was like 70 years old and the right moment as we were on our way, he said, if you look out the right side of the plane, you'll notice the island of Ibiza and he got real quiet.
And then five minutes later, he said, have as much sex as you can now.
[3:07:05] This is before the advent of Niagara.
And then five minutes later he said, have as much sex as you can now.
This is before the advent of Iagra.
And then I was on coming back from the Czech Republic and a few years later.
And I asked this man as we got on the plane and he said next to me.
And he waited until we got all the way near LA.
And as he was reaching up for his bags he said, you got it, what's the best advice you can give a young man so he can be good, have a successful life.
He said, you got to remember in every person you meet, there's a little piece of God in them, and that's who you talk to.
And I add it to that, but make sure they see it in you first.
So that's what my life principle is about, make way for life., make way for life.
Please make way for life.
Find the peace of God and you and show it, shine through it, push it, and take up your stake.
You know, take up your stake and be the Messiah for the day, [3:08:00] and two days and three days if you can.
And be a rascal also.
I discovered half of this stuff while I was still watching porn.
It's not like I was in some monk.
I'm still watching porn and I'd come back and do these.
So I was like, okay, there's a balance.
There's a balance.
That's a great advice.
That's a great way to wrap this up.
Let's do this again.
We're gonna do this again.
I love that.
100%.
I can't wait.
Reach out to a lot of musk, man.
And Jeff Bezos, if they want to finish, I don't know, Jeff, but I know you.
Elon, I got his solution.
We can clean up the upper atmosphere.
You know, Linchpin is real.
It's real.
It's there.
I can...
I can't wait'd see the response to this.
Thank you, Terence.
Thank you.
Bye, everybody.
================================================================================
Episode Title: #2151 - Rizwan Virk
Transcript:
By the way, Diana Pasulka says hi.
Oh, cool.
You know her?
Yeah, I know her pretty well, actually.
Boy, her theories are very, very, very interesting.
Yeah.
She's a strange person to talk to because you start like, you start really considering some of the things she's saying.
It's just all the UFO stuff.
I go back and forth on the UFO stuff from it being complete bullshit to like maybe there's something there.
Right.
I fluctuate throughout the day.
Yeah.
Well we can talk about that.
You know, I'm peripherally involved with it.
Can you make a noise over there.
Shake my golf.
Yeah, you're peripherally involved with the Galileo project at Harvard and the Seoul Foundation at Stanford, which are like the two academic UFO research groups that are out there.
You know, Avi Loeb is running the one at Harvard and Gary Nolan is running.
You had Gary on your show.
I have not, but I can communication with him.
Okay.
Talked him quite a bit.
Yeah.
So very him quite a bit.
Yeah.
I'm very fascinated by his work.
I'm happy to talk about UFO stuff where it overlaps with simulation theory.
So how did you get involved in this whole theory in the first place, similarly, explain to people your position if you don't mind on simulation theory.
What do you think is going on?
Yeah, well, so first question, how did I get involved in this?
Okay.
going on.
Yeah, well, so first question, how did I get involved in this?
Right.
So, you know, I was a video game developer in Silicon Valley and then I became an investor in the video game industry, in my backgrounds in computer science.
And what happened was after I saw my last video game company back in 2016.
So we're talking like, you know, seven years ago now, eight years ago now.
And I put on a virtual reality headset and started playing a VR ping pong game.
All right, now these headsets were even bigger than they are now and they were wired.
So there's no mistaking your in virtual reality.
But what happened was that the ping pong game was so realistic that for a moment my brain forgot [2:01] that this wasn't a real game of table tennis.
So much so that I tried to put the paddle down on the table and I tried to lean against the table.
But of course there was no table.
So the controller fell to the floor and I almost fell over.
I had to do one of these double takes like, oh wait, I'm just in VR.
So I started to think about how long would it take us to build something like the matrix, something that's so immersive that you would forget that you were inside a video game.
And so that led me to this idea of the simulation point, which is a kind of technological singularity.
But then I started to research things like quantum physics and some of the mysteries around the observer effect and quantum mechanics.
And then I started to look at all the world's religions and I realized that they're all kind of saying the same thing, which is that there is no physical universe.
And so, you know, that led me to the conclusion that we are most likely inside some kind of a computer simulation, or a massively multiplayer video game, depending on how you look at it.
But where did that computer game, [3:06] where did that simulation come from if we were inside of it?
Well, that's the big question, right?
And there's two versions of simulation theory.
And I teach a class on this at Arizona State University.
Probably the first college level class about simulation theory.
And it kind of pulls in science fiction, religion, philosophy philosophy and technology.
But one of the key distinctions I tell my students to make is it's not talked about a lot with simulation theory, is what I call the NPC versus the RPG versions of simulation theory.
Okay.
Right?
So NPC, as you probably know, means non-player characters within video games.
So those are the A's in the video game, you know, the bartenders, the people you're beating up, the opponents, all of that stuff.
But basically they're just code in their AI.
Then there's the RPG version, which is that we are actually doing a role-playing game, right?
So you exist outside the game, [4:00] and then you have a character or avatar inside the game.
So it's just like what we would consider an MMR PG today, except with more sophisticated technology.
And so in that case, you get a little bit of a different answer than if you talk about an NPC only type of simulation, because that's just running on a computer, and we're all AI in that case.
Now, the two aren't mutually exclusive, right?
In a video game like Fortnite or whatever World Warcraft, you have NPCs and you have PCs or player characters, right?
So you've got both of those things going on.
And so depending on how you look at it, you might come to different answers about who's outside the simulation, which would answer the question of who made the simulation, right?
Yeah.
So in the first case, you basically say that if we can get to the point where we can build these simulations, what I call the simulation point.
So I called that a kind of technological singularity.
[5:02] Now, we've heard the term singularity mostly because of AI and super intelligent AI, right?
And AI is going to take over the world.
But the guy who defined the term was actually a computer scientist who became a science fiction writer named Vernervinci.
In fact, he just passed away like a month ago or something.
He was a real pioneer in science fiction and the cyberpunk kind of subgenre or so.
And so he said the singularity happens when technology increases exponentially to the point where everything will be different for humans after that point.
Now he gave like four different ways we could reach the singularity.
Most of us talk about only one, which is AI starts to become super intelligent and it grows exponentially and everything will be different.
But I think this idea of the simulation point where we can create simulations that are indistinguishable from reality.
And I lay out like 10 stages in my book of all the technology we would need including brain computer interfaces like in the matrix, right?
So this is more neuralink.
[6:01] Or neuralink, right?
We're getting there, right?
We're very close.
We're at the beginning of that whole thing.
And so that's stage eight, stage seven and stage eight on the way to the simulation point.
And being able to read, but also then being able to write memories as well.
And then have, so the definition of the simulation point is being able to create a virtual reality that is indistinguishable from physical reality with AI characters that are indistinguishable from biological characters.
So, you wouldn't be able to tell you're talking to an NPC basically.
We're getting closer to that already, right?
Yeah, I mean, there's like companies out there doing smart NPCs now inside video games.
Right, but what would be the difference between looking at what is possible in the future and making either a hypothesis or suggesting that that has already taken place?
Right, so that's kind of the leap that you need to make, which is to say that if we can do it, now let's imagine a civilization that was a million years ahead of us, a thousand years ahead of us.
[7:05] Even 200 years ahead of us.
But certainly a thousand years ahead of us.
So where will computers be in a thousand years?
They would already have created these types of simulations.
Because if we can do it, now 50 years ago, we didn't know if we could do it.
We didn't know if computers could get to that point.
Today, we're pretty sure we can get there.
In fact, I'd say that I'm 70% sure that we will get to the simulation point, which means I think there's a 70% chance we're living inside a simulation.
And so the point is if they already got there, they created a whole bunch of simulations.
And you can't tell the difference whether you're in the real world or a simulated world.
So there's 99 of these.
There's one of these.
But you can't tell the difference.
So which one are you more likely in?
Just statistically speaking, now we're not even projecting the technology forward.
We're just saying it's more likely you're in one of the 99 than the one, [8:01] because there's so many more of these.
It's sort of.
If you can't tell the difference, right?
If you can't tell the difference.
But there's so many things you have to think about, right?
There's so many things you have to take into consideration.
One of them is we don't have a straight linear line from the moment that we're born to the moment that we exist in currently.
The reason being is that we go to sleep every night.
Right.
It's a weird thing.
We shut off every night and we wake up intermittently and you go back to bed, maybe have to pee, maybe you're thirsty, you go back to bed, and then you wake up again.
But when you wake up, you are just waking up.
Like when I woke up this morning, I don't know if this is the life I've always lived.
Right.
I'm assuming it is because I have all these detailed memories of the past.
I see my dog, he reacts the exact same way he always does.
[9:02] You know, I see my wife, I see my kids, I see my house, it's the same house that I remember, but I'm not sure.
I just woke up.
Right.
I'm a little foggy already.
It just exists in your memory.
It just exists in your memory.
And so this might be the first day of my life.
Right.
If suppose that you can implant false memories, right?
Right.
So this was a popular topic for Philip K.
Dick, right?
Yes.
Movies like Total Recall, even in Blade Runner.
Mm-hmm.
You know, I interviewed his wife while I was researching, you know, my book.
And he was a wild boy.
He was an interesting guy, right?
Yeah.
And he said some interesting things.
In fact, all the way back in 1977 in Metz France at a sci-fi convention, he said, there's a pretty famous quote.
He said, we are living in a computer programmed reality.
And the only clue we have to it is if some variable is changed, some alteration occurs in our reality.
And that's become kind of a famous quote in the simulation [10:01] world.
But if you listen to the rest of the quote, he says, well, we would basically rerun the same events and we would change some variables.
Right?
And we would have a sense of deja vu, like maybe we've already done this, right?
Maybe I've, you know, talked to you before, right?
In a different run of the simulation.
Right?
And this idea, like after I wrote my first book on this topic, simulation, I bought this is This idea wouldn't leave me that well if you can run one simulation You can certainly run it multiple times.
In fact, that's what we would do if we were running a simulation of weather We wouldn't just run it once we would run it Multiplyms and if we were doing simulation of whatever right pandemic anything name it we would change the variables And we would go forward.
And so, you know, when I interviewed Tessa, you know, Phil K.
Dick's last wife, she said that he came to believe this was really happening, right?
That someone was altering with our reality and they would change a few variables and rerun [11:01] the simulation forward.
So now we're getting pretty deep in the rabbit holes.
This is the topic of my second book, which is called the simulated multiverse.
This idea that each of these timelines could be like a different run of the simulation itself.
So, so that gets a little weird at that point, right?
Because now we're saying that time isn't the same thing, right, that we think it is.
So with the simulation of how about this, we're saying that space doesn't really exist.
It basically gets rendered for us, like a video game.
And then with this second idea, we're saying that time doesn't really exist, because what you remember could have been either implanted memories or it could be a specific run of the simulation.
So if you run it again, maybe things are slightly different the second time you run it.
So Philip K.
Dick came to believe that his novel, The Man in the High Castle, which [12:00] was turned into a pretty cool series.
I don't know if you've seen it.
It was on Amazon a few years ago.
But in the novel and in the series, Germany and Japan won World War II.
And so you see it in America that's been divided.
Like the East Coast is run by the Germans, the West Coast is run by the Japanese, and you see this kind of fascist type world.
And so he later came to believe that this actually happened.
And somehow the simulators reran it again.
And the current timeline is one that was allowed to go forward, further forward than where that one might have ended.
And so he says that at some point all these memories came flooding back to him of this other timeline.
He called it, he used this Greek word, it's called, an NM nieces, which means a loss of forgetfulness.
Right, so he said, we might be able to remember these other runs of the simulation.
[13:01] So anyway, that gets us into this whole idea of, is the past what we think it is, right?
That's, I think with the question you're asking, right?
Because you're like, if I just remember x, y, z is that what actually happened?
Or is it just a representation of the past in the present?
Yeah.
And so when I started looking into the quantum physics side of it, I found something really weird.
We can talk about the observer effect, but this was even weirder than that.
And it was something proposed by John Wheeler, who was at Princeton with Einstein, and he was a bit younger than Neil's Bohr and Einstein and all these kind of four fathers of quantum mechanics.
And he came up with several things that are what we're talking about, but one of them is the delayed choice experiment, or the cosmic delayed choice experiment, which puts into doubt this idea of the past.
And since we're talking about the past, let's go into this now, if you don't mind.
[14:01] So imagine there's something like a quasar, and that's a billion light years away from us, right?
And the light is coming from that quasar to here, so it's going to take a billion years to get here because it's a billion light years away.
And then suppose there's something in the middle, like a black hole that's in the middle or a galaxy, something that's very gravitationally big.
And so suppose the light has to go to the left or to the right of that object.
And suppose that object is like a million light years away from us.
It's just a lot closer, but it's still a million light years away.
So the decision about when the light goes to the left or to the right would have to be made when.
It would have to be made in the past about a million years ago because it takes light from that, let's say it's a black hole.
It's a million light years away so it takes a million years for the light to reach Earth and we can measure whether it went to the left or to the right.
Well it turns [15:00] out that decision is in the past as as we think of it, but what the delayed choice experiment tells us is that that decision is made now when we measure that light, a wind that little telescope, suppose we have two telescopes.
One picks up on the left, one picks up on the right, and it's when we do the measurement, and until we do that measurement, both of those possibilities still exist.
So we have these two possible pasts a million years ago, right?
The light went to the laughter to the right.
But which one happened?
Isn't decided until the measurement is done today.
So this is like Schrodinger's cat on steroids, right?
I'm not sure I totally understand this.
Okay.
Why?
Why is the decision made when you measure it?
Well, that's what the experiment kind of showed with quantum mechanics.
Just like, let's start with Schrodinger's cat, because it's a simpler version.
So Schrodinger's cat is this experiment where there's a cat in a box theoretical experiment.
Nobody's killing any cats.
[16:01] And there's some poison in there, and there's some radioactive material that has a 50% chance of setting off the poison and a 50% chance that it won't.
Let's say after an hour or so.
And so after an hour, the chances that the cat is dead or alive is 50% right?
Because it's a 50% chance.
But what the observer effect and what quantum mechanics is telling us is that both of those possibilities exist.
The cat is both alive and dead until somebody looks at that box, the observer in this case.
And so until then, the cat is in the state of superposition.
And this is what makes quantum mechanics so weird, right?
This is why you Richard Feynman Nobel Prize winner said nobody understands quantum mechanics.
And Neil's Bohr said, if you're not shocked by this, then you haven't understood it.
Okay, because to us, the cat has to be alive or it has to be dead.
And we don't know until we see.
[17:01] We don't know until we see, but it's only one in In common sense, it tells us it's one of those, right?
But quantum mechanics, through the double slit experiment, and the observer effect says, both of those possibilities exist in the present until the time when someone looks and someone measures that result.
So then we say the superposition, which is two states, comes down to one state.
So the cat is both alive and dead.
And then when somebody measures it, it's either alive or dead and we're in one of those states, right?
Okay.
Right.
I kind of understand what you're saying, but isn't it really just that we don't know until we open the box and it's not that the cat is both alive and dead.
The cat is either alive or dead.
We just haven't figured it out yet until we open the box.
That's what it would seem like, right?
That would be like common sense.
Point of view, right?
But what all the physicists have been telling us now for almost a hundred years, right?
Going back to the 1920s, [18:01] when quantum mechanics first started to get formalized, is that that's not actually the case, that what happens is you have this probability wave and that there are different probabilities of the cat being alive or dead.
Now, of course, they weren't talking about cats.
That was...
But the cat is maybe too simplistic.
It's like a placeholder.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, it's a way for somebody to think about this at a high level.
So Schrodinger, who is one of the founders of quantum mechanics through his wave equation, he basically came up with this because he thought the whole idea was ridiculous.
He's like, look, you can't have a cat that's both alive and dead, right?
So this is a ridiculous experiment except it's become the way in which we explain this weird effect about quantum mechanics.
And the weird effect of quantum mechanics is things can be both moving and still at the same time, which is superposition, right?
Right.
Or they can be in two different states, which could be moving and still, could be alive or dead, or they're really talking about particles.
[19:01] So then it could be like left rotated or right located or right rotated.
So you've got all these properties, but they can be in different states.
And this is the basis for quantum computing, by the way.
You've probably heard about new quantum computers that are out there.
I have, but I totally don't understand it.
So it's the same thing as Schrodinger's cat, whereas we have a bit of information, right?
So what are the values in a bit can have?
It's like zero or one.
That's it.
That's like the basic unit of information.
And the bit can only have one of those values, like on my iPhone or my laptop, if you look down all the way down into hardware, you could look at the registers.
Like when I was at MIT, we actually built a computer in class from scratch.
You'll see there's some voltage that says this is a 1 or this is a 0.
That's it.
All the computing, everything we're doing with video streaming, all that stuff, comes down to having a bit that can be either a 0 or a 1.
It has to be 1 or the other.
It can't be both.
So quantum computing has these things called Cubbits.
Okay, qubit, which a qubit is like Schrodinger's cat.
[20:10] It doesn't just have a value of a one or a zero.
It is in superposition.
Superposition means a superset of all the positions that are possible.
So how many possibilities are there in a bit too, right?
Zero and one.
So a qubit is a superposition of a bit, which means it has both values.
Zero and one until someone measures that bit.
And so theoretically, that's what allows quantum computers to solve problems that grow exponentially, that are really big.
And we're still in the early stages, but if you think of an exponential growth problem, like cracking encryption, it can be done by a regular computer.
And you can set up your laptop to crack.
It'll take like a thousand years or something, right?
Because you have to go through every single possible value.
[21:01] So if you have 64 bits, that's like two to the 64 values, which is huge.
In fact, there's an old story about the Indian king and the wise man who played chess that illustrates the story of how big that number gets when you have exponential growth.
So there was a king who liked to play chess and no one wanted to play chess with him anymore.
Because he kept winning.
And finally, there's this wise man.
He's like, please play chess with me.
And the wise man says, OK, I'll play chess with you.
If I win for the first square in the chess board, you give me one grain of rice.
And then the second square in the chess board, you double that, two grains of rice.
And you double that to four grains of rice and six grains of rice.
So we're doubling in each square, right?
King's like, OK, sure.
You know, the no big deal, this is the bunch of rice.
And so it turns out when the wise man won, by the time you get to two to the 64, because there's 64 squares on the chess board, that basically it was more rice than would fit in all of India, right?
That's an exponential problem.
[22:00] It just grows so fast, and the reason it grows is there are too many possibilities.
Right?
But now this new thing called a qubit's coming along and the qubit has both possibilities at the same time.
So if you have 64 bits and you take all the possible values of those 64 bits, you've got the same number of possibilities as the grains of rice we talked about.
It's 2 to the 64.
It's a very big number.
It's 18 quintillion, right, is the number.
There's a game called No Man's Sky.
I don't know if you ever played it.
No.
So it became famous because there were, it was one of the first games to have an almost infinite number of planets.
Oh, is this the game where it just creates a universe?
Yeah, it does.
It's kind of boring or heard.
Yeah, it was kind of boring at first.
I mean, I haven't played it in a while.
I just kind of looked at it.
But it procedurally generates everything for you.
Because there's no way a team of, like I was in the video game industry, right?
There's no way a team could create 18 quintillion worlds.
In terms that game because that is what 64 bits.
That's the [23:05] biggest number you can get if you use 64 bits.
Okay, so come back to exponential growth.
It's too big.
And so with the quantum computer theoretically, and these are pretty new right now, right?
Amazon has one, Microsoft has one, IBM has one that you can actually program online, Google has their own.
Everyone's trying to figure out how to make these qubits stable and work.
But the basic idea, and I don't know what number we're up to for a while, it was like you could only have four bits qubits.
Kind of like going back to the old, you know, when we were young, the Apple II or whatever came out.
And before that, there were these small 8-bit processor-based kits that people would assemble.
And they just couldn't have a lot of data because they just couldn't keep track of that many bits.
And that's where quantum computers are today.
But the idea is if you can have 64 qubits, you can instantaneously solve a problem that is exponential because you can explore [24:06] all of those at the same time and then when you measure the result.
It's oh, no, nobody knows exactly how this works but the two explanations coming back, sorry, I know, kind of, that's wondering a bit.
Coming back to Schrodinger's cat, we say there's two possibilities, right?
So with 64 qubits, there's two to the 64 possibilities.
If they're all in superposition, they have all the possible values of it.
And so basically, when you measure that, it brings it back.
And so physicists call this the collapse of the probability wave.
So there's a probability of all these possibilities and then it comes down to one.
And that's sort of the best, one of the accepted ways that people think this whole thing works.
But nobody totally knows.
So another guy who was John Wheeler's grad student at Princeton came up with another [25:03] idea and we've heard about this idea from the superhero movies.
This is the multiverse idea.
Basically, he said that if you've got Schrodinger's cat, what happens is you're splitting the universe into two different universes.
In one of them, the cat is alive and in another one, the cat is dead.
That's the multiverse idea, is that when we measure it, we only see one of those two because we're in this universe.
But if we happen to be in this other universe, the cat would have been dead, right?
The cat is alive here.
And so that creates a whole series of possibilities when you, which are being used now in superhero stories all the time, right?
You've got your different versions of Batman, your different versions of Superman.
Spider-Man, yeah.
Spider, yeah, the famous Spider-Man meme where you have like, there's the Spider-Man all kind of pointing at each other.
Yeah.
Right, and they have the different actors.
So that idea has started to catch on now.
[26:00] It's what I like to call, it's past the 10-year-old test.
And the 10-year-old test is when a scientific idea gets out there so much that even 10-year-olds can kind of understand it because of superhero movies or because like in the 1930s when they were trying to explain Superman, like how does Superman get his powers?
You say, oh, he came from another planet.
He came from a planet called Krypton, right?
So even a 10 year old in the 1930s could have understood that.
But in the 1730s, like you couldn't say that, then we wouldn't know what the heck you're talking about, right?
Right.
And so that idea kind of diffused through society.
And so that's happening now with the multiverse idea too.
it's kind of diffusing, you know, through society, in this way, through popular culture, you know, and media narratives and stuff.
So that's the other explanation for how all this weirdness, quantum weirdness works, which is the multiverse.
And so people said, how can a quantum computer theoretically solve a problem that would take thousands [27:03] of years for a regular computer to solve.
And one explanation, a guy named David Deutsch out at Oxford says, well, because it's looking at all the possible values of the bits, there's that many different universes, and it's computing in all of those universes instantaneously, and then it's bringing back the value that you want at the end.
And that becomes your answer.
So I think we've gotten a little bit away from the original question.
So it seems like that's inevitable with the subject.
Yeah, the subject does tend to take you down many, many different rabbit holes.
Yeah.
And I think the original question was about memory, right?
And how do we know that the memory?
So the reason I went down this rabbit hole on the quantum physics stuff and the multiverse, which by the way, that's the subject of the, I wrote a whole second book on simulation there, just for that, which is the simulated multiverse.
Because the reason scientists like this multiverse idea is that mathematically [28:07] you can figure out how the equations work in all these different worlds.
Whereas with the first idea, which is the Copenhagen interpretation, you have all these possibilities, you have a probability wave, and then suddenly you're down to one and nobody can explain that mathematically, nobody can say, how does the collapse occur?
Like there's no little equation you can pop into it.
And so that's why it's called observer effect and it's considered a big mystery.
Is it the act of observation?
Is it the act of measurement?
So all these physicists are debating with each other.
So they don't like Copenhagen interpretation because it seems to rely on consciousness or some kind of an observer and scientists kind of hate that, right?
They hate to talk about consciousness being real and we'll get into the whole religious aspects of the simulation hypothesis in a little bit.
So they're like, well, this one's nice because it's the mathematics all work, [29:00] the multiverse idea.
But the problem with the multiverse idea is that it's not what scientists like to call parsimonious, which means that what's happening is there's a new universe splitting off like all the time, right?
Every time there's a quantum, we're talking about quantum decisions, right?
We're not really talking about big things like cats, we're talking about little decisions that occur within an nanosecond, right?
And so every time there's a decision, you're splitting off to a new physical universe.
So think about, now we're talking exponential growth, but on steroids, right?
Because it's just infinite, it just keeps going, right?
And that's kind of a weird concept that there would be so many physical universes being created.
And so where I came out in this subject is, well, guess what?
Simulation hypothesis gives you a way to look at both of these of framework that makes it make sense, right?
I mean, this is what people say when they look at quantum mechanics, they say, make it make sense, right?
[30:01] Because the cat should be alive or dead.
How can it be both, right?
And so when you think of information and you think of the simulation idea, the core of it is that the world is not physical, okay?
This table seems pretty physical, right?
But if you go and you look inside, it's mostly empty space, something like 90-some percent, maybe 99 percent.
And then you go to the atoms and you look inside those and it's mostly empty space, right?
And there's these electron clouds and stuff, but except for the nucleus, it's mostly empty space.
And the problem is like these Russian dolls, if you keep looking inside, they keep looking for this thing called physical matter and they can't find it.
It's not really there.
It's like you go to the very smallest of the Russian dolls.
And the only thing they can find is information.
And so John Wheeler, who I talked about earlier, plays an outsized role in at least my [31:01] explorations of simulation theory.
He came up with a phrase.
and his phrase was it from bit.
So if there's something that's an it physical object like this cup or this table, that if you just keep looking down, you have a microscope that just keeps going down, he goes in the end, the only thing you find are particles, but what the heck are particles?
And he said, well, the only thing you find are particles, but what the heck are particles?
He said, well, the only thing that particles really are is a series of answers to yes, no questions.
So it's like does the particles been up?
Does it's been down?
It's got various different polarities and things.
But so he said, in the end, the only thing you have are bits of information, because that's a bit.
Right?
Every single decision is a bit, yes or no, one or zero.
That's like the fundamental unit of computation, and that's how we, you know, like I said, stream video, everything else.
And so he said, everything that's in it is actually from bits of information.
And there's a whole new field within physics, [32:09] which is called digital physics.
So in the past, physics was about physical objects moving around.
And so digital physics is about information, like what happens to information in the universe?
Does it get destroyed in a black hole?
Does it get created?
So you have, instead of conservation of momentum and conservation of energy, you have conservation of information.
So it's like a different way of looking at the physical world.
And you look at it as a computation rather than looking at it as physical objects moving around, like in classical physics.
Right.
Yeah.
The problem is like we do live in a physical world as far as we can tell.
But then if you measure the actual things in the physical world, then you get to this weirdness.
[33:01] Exactly.
You get to this weirdness down at the bottom level.
The very core of it all, like what is going on as far as we can measure?
Right.
And there's a limit.
Like we can only measure up to the smallest unit, which is called like the plonk.
But as we go deep, we get less answers.
And it gets more weird.
It gets more weird and it starts to look less like the physical world exists and more like it's a bunch of information that gets rendered as we observe the world or as groups of people observe the world.
Have you ever taken this back as far as you can and like try to figure out what created this or what possibilities could have created this?
Or was there ever a physical world?
Well, that's a good question.
So where I ended up with this was looking at how the world gets rendered as you observe it.
Like for me, my background is, as I said, a computer scientist and a video game designer and developer [34:00] is that that's pretty much how we render video games, right?
So if you and I are in the same, our avatars are in the same field, or the same room about to shoot each other in a video game, we're not really in the same room, are we?
Right.
You're rendering it on your screen, and I'm rendering it on my screen, right?
And so there's information that's coming from the server, and then what happens is, on my screen.
Right.
Right.
And so there's information that's coming from the server.
And then what happens is we render only the part that we can see.
Right.
Only that view around your avatar.
You could be first person point of view.
You could be hovering over your character or like many video games do that these days.
Like a kind of a third person or second person point of view.
But the only pixels you need to render on my computer are the ones that my avatar can see.
And the only ones you need to render on your computer are the ones your avatar can see.
And those get cached on the server.
And so they get sent out.
And so it's an optimization technique, right?
[35:01] There's no way in the 1980s, like when I was growing up, we had, you know, the Apple 2 computers or whatever.
There's no way you could render like a full 3D, you know, world or a full 3D game like we play today.
And so what happened was we learned not only do the computers get faster, but we learn optimization techniques.
So everything in computer science comes down to optimization usually.
Like physicists are happy just saying, yeah, it's infinite, but without really wondering what the heck that means.
But with computer science, you only have limited resources typically.
And so you need to figure out how to compute something with those limited resources.
And so video game rendering to me is a case of optimizing so that it looks like there's a shared physical world, but there really isn't, right?
Because it's being rendered on each of our own computer.
And so, but the rule is only render that which you can see.
Now, when I started to look at this weirdness in quantum mechanics, which is saying render only that which is observed or measured, depending on how you look at it.
[36:04] But even if you measure it, somebody's got to look at that measurement before you know it was actually measured.
So it's the same kind of thing going on.
In my opinion, quantum mechanics ends up being an optimization technique for rendering of the physical world from the information that lives below.
So that's kind of the one big implication of simulation theory that I think is very important.
And actually, the idea that the universe's information is not that controversial.
So just I was in London this summer over at the Cambridge University, spending a little bit of time doing some AI research.
And I ran into this Nobel Prize winner, physicist, from like the 70s.
And so we were talking to the relation theory of course.
And I said, well, one of the key assumptions here is that the world is information and he said, yeah, that's not controversial in physics at all anymore.
Like it might have been once upon a time.
[37:01] But then the second part, the second assumption that comes up in simulation theory is that the world is rendered like a video game and that the world is a hoax it's some kind of a hoax like it's not really real right that's the other assumption that physicists don't necessarily agree with but that's the other part of simulation theory was the argument against it uh...
against simulation theory against the fit that it doesn't physically exist.
If they disagree.
Well, they don't disagree necessarily that it doesn't physically exist.
They just disagree that on how does it that this thing that does that is information gets rendered for us, right?
Right.
It's like we're talking different languages for them, right?
Even though quantum mechanics is telling us all this weird stuff, there's still, I think, often taking a classical view, classical mechanical view of the world of physical objects moving around, and that's all it is, right?
So, there's arguments that people make against [38:01] the idea that we live in a simulation, and the first is the same argument that, there was a famous guy named Bishop Berkeley, the city of Berkeley's named after him.
I think it was George Berkeley, he was a bishop in the UK.
And he came up with this idea of idealism, this philosophical idea that the world doesn't really exist.
It's only in the mind.
And there was this other guy, I goes Johnson, you know, he said, how do you refute that?
And he kicks a rock and he goes, that's how I refute it.
See, it's physical.
It's there, right?
And so that's, you know, the first common sense way people try to refute the idea.
But of course, that's not what the physicists are saying.
The physicists are the one telling us that the world doesn't really exist that it consists of information and space time gets constructed out of that information.
So that's like one of the biggest, I think, issues.
Another way that people try to push back on the idea of simulation theory is they say, well, it's not really falsifiable.
[39:02] So I can't design an experiment that proves we are not in assimilation.
So this touches on the boundary issues of science.
Like where does science end?
Right?
And where does philosophy begin?
Where does metaphysics begin?
Where does religion begin?
And those lines are actually fuzzier than you might think, right?
Because there's been a debate over that for a long time now, for hundreds of years, about what is scientific and what isn't, right?
And things like, you know, UFOs and paranormal phenomena and all this stuff, you know, gets kind of pushed out beyond that boundary.
But so one definition that a guy named Popper came up with was, if it's not falsifiable, it's not scientific.
Meaning if you can't prove that it's false.
The problem with that is there are lots of things that we can't prove that they're false.
But we can find some evidence that these things actually happen, [40:02] or that these things exist.
Like a couple hundred years ago, there were stories of rocks falling from the sky.
And all the scientists, like in Paris, said, oh, that's just bullshit, right?
That's just a bunch of peasants out in the countryside.
We know there's no rocks falling from the sky.
Why?
Because we know there's no rocks in the sky.
Our science tells us.
There's no rocks up there, so how the hell could they be falling from the sky are science tells us there's no rocks up there so how the hell could they be fallen from the sky so that's kind of a not really a falsifiable thing how can you prove there's no rocks in the sky you really can't but you can prove and eventually they did because they got a whole there was some huge meteor storm and you know outside of Paris and some guys went out to investigate and there were thousands of witnesses that saw this thing.
And then eventually, they looked at some of the artifacts, some of the physical evidence.
And then eventually, they changed their model, their cosmological model about the universe.
And so I think it's the same thing with simulation theory, even though you can't prove we're not in a simulation, [41:03] because the simulation could be so good, like the matrix was pretty convincing at first, right?
But the simulation could be so good that you can't necessarily tell.
But at the same time, you can design experiments which might indicate to you that there's something going on like this video game rendering idea.
And there are folks out there trying to run experiments to try to show that this is really what's happening with quantum mechanics is that like a video game, this whole world is being rendered for us.
Information being rendered just like a video game.
And the effect that consciousness has on this world, so consciousness is the thing that we're using to measure, or the thing that we're using to interact with whatever possibilities exist.
[42:00] Right.
And so that in the RPG version, this is why I like to make the distinction between the RPG version and the NPC version.
So in the RPG version, we are plugged in, like Neo in the back of the head or with a virtual reality headset or some technology yet to be developed.
And so when you play a video game, it's not enough that the pixels are there.
I mean, you basically are watching that game, right, as the player.
And when you're not watching, what happens?
You just turn it off, right?
You turn off your computer, what happens?
Well, there's still the information going on on the server, maybe other people are playing, right?
But it doesn't need to render it at that point.
It's just a server that can keep track of where everything is.
So what we did when we created video games, we would send down information.
And in fact, you can then turn around and do something very interesting.
Like if you're a level 30 player, right?
And I'm a level 2 player, our avatars [43:02] could be standing right next to each other.
One could see the dragon and one might not be able to see the dragon because maybe we don't have that ability in the game.
We're not at high enough level.
But the server logic is deciding that.
So consciousness then becomes the player in that model of simulation theory.
And it renders the world for us.
And it turns out that is very similar to what the world's religions have been telling us, right?
Not just one or two of the world's religions.
Like when I wrote my book, The Simulation Hypothesis, I gave it a subtitle of why AI, quantum physics, and Eastern Mystics agree we're in a video game.
And I was thinking primarily of the Eastern Mystics, like in the Hindu and Buddhist traditions and the yogis and They talk about the term Maya Most most people have probably heard that term in karma and all these different terms, but Maya means illusion That's how it gets translated.
It's like an ancient Sanskrit word and so [44:05] These mystics are telling us that the world isn't really real.
It's a an ancient Sanskrit word.
And so these mystics are telling us that the world isn't really real.
It's a kind of illusion.
But if you really look at the definition of that word Maya, it means something more like a carefully crafted illusion.
Right, it's almost like if you go to a magic show.
And you know the guy's not really sawing that woman in half.
Okay?
But you kind of agree to suspend your disbelief because that's what makes the whole thing fun.
Right?
Watching a magic show or watching a special effects.
You know, you know, Blade Runner 2049, the car's not really flying, those are just CGI, right?
But we agree to that, to certain extent as we go into that world and we become immersed in that world.
And so what, you know, the mystics, in the Eastern traditions have been telling us is that we agree to basically go into this illusory world in order to have these experiences, right?
[45:02] Sometimes people say, well, what's the purpose of the simulation?
And I say, well, why do you play video games?
And why do you play video games?
Fun.
Fun is one.
Two is to try to have experiences that you probably can't have outside of the game.
Like, even Grand Theft Auto, right?
You're not going to go out there and do all that crazy stuff in the real world.
Some people might, right?
Most people wouldn't.
And you're not gonna, I can't fly on a dragon and kill orcs as much as I might want to.
Especially with no real world consequences.
Right, right, with no real world, exactly.
So that's one of the reasons what, but there are consequences within the game, right?
And for the characters in the game, right?
For the NPCs that you're killing right those are all real Consequences within the game, but when you look at it from outside the game and So like the Eastern mystics have been telling us this and turns out in the Judeo Christian Islamic traditions Right the Abrahamic religions they've also been telling us this That the world is Maya and they use [46:00] Metaphors back then and so you know all these religions came about a couple thousand years ago, and so they had to use metaphors back then.
So, you know, all these religions came about a couple thousand years ago, and so they had to use metaphors that were understood by the people back then, right?
And so they used whatever metaphor of the dream was a key metaphor that the world is like a dream.
Or that the soul puts on the body like a set of clothes.
And that when you die, you take off these clothes and then you're back to the soul, whatever that happens to be.
They don't really define what that is.
In fact, they use the exact same metaphor like in the Bhagavad Gita.
They use this clothing metaphor and then Rumi, who's become popular in the West, and was an Islamic Sufi poet, but also mystic, he used the exact same phrase, right?
He said, you put on the body, you put like a series of clothes.
And so they used that metaphor to try to describe something, [47:00] which is the second part of the idea, the simulation hypothesis, the first idea was the world is information that gets rendered, and the second part is the world is some kind of a hoax that we are a part of for whatever reason.
And so in the traditions, over time, they've tried to update these metaphors, and they've tried to use new technology to describe the metaphors because that's how we can as modern people we can understand it So about a hundred years ago there was a guy named Swami Yogananda.
He came over from India He was like one of the first Indian yogis swamis to really live in the US and he wrote a book called autobiography of a yogi I don't know if you ever read it.
Yes, I read it.
Oh great.
Yeah, in the 60s It was like the book one of those books that everybody passed around.
Yeah, in the 60s it was like the book, one of those books that everybody passed around.
Yeah.
And Steve Jobs, you know, was his favorite book at his funeral.
He gave everybody, or his memorial service.
He gave everybody a little brown box.
They went home and opened the box and they found a copy of autobiography or yogi in there.
But so Yogananda came over about 100 years ago and he tried to update this old metaphor.
[48:03] And what was new technology back in the 1920s?
It was movies, movie projectors.
He said, the world is like a movie projector.
You're playing these parts.
The actors are playing the parts on the screen.
And things are happening to them.
But really, the actors aren't necessarily dying.
It's the characters that are suffering within the movie itself.
And so he used that metaphor as a way to try to explain this ancient religious idea that's at the core of every single religion, which is that the world, as we see it, is not really real and there's a real real girl beyond this world.
And so he updated the metaphor to use movie projectors.
And if you've ever been, we've all been in movie theaters, if you look away from the screen, you can kind of see the flickering of the light.
And you can kind of see everybody so engrossed in it that they're not looking around.
They don't [49:01] know what's going on.
You know, maybe having some popcorn or something.
And so today, I think we need to update those metaphors, right, particularly for younger generation who spent as much of their time and things like Fortnite or Roblox when they were younger, as avatars.
If we use the metaphor of a massively multiplayer online game, and I think Yogananda, if you were alive today, in fact, my latest book, which I wrote after the simulation books, because it was the 75th anniversary of autobiography of Yogi a couple years ago.
And Harper Collins, India asked me to write this book about, you know, what can you learn from autobiography of Yogi?
And there's all these weird stories in there of like, you know, some guy materializing a palace in the Himalayas, I don't know where, right?
You've got levitating saints, you've got guys by locating, disappearing, all kinds of crazy shit going on, right?
And I said, well, you sure you want me to write this book, you know, I'm an entrepreneur and a computer scientist.
They said, yeah, because we want you to use your technology metaphors like the simulation I thought this is, to explain this stuff.
And so, if yoga and I know we're alive today, and I wrote this in my new book called [50:08] Wisdom of Yoga, what he would say is, it's like a movie, but where are the actors, and we're also the audience, and we have a script, and we're kind of playing the script, but we can change the script if we want.
What does that sound like?
It sounds like a massively multiplayer online role-playing game.
So I think that metaphor is a great way to try to explain this idea of the soul and the body within the religious traditions.
That's the RPG version of the simulation hypothesis.
And how do you go through life with this information?
Does this information affect the way you feel about things on a day-to-day basis?
Like, if you have these theories and you have this concept in your mind of the true nature of the universe, of reality itself?
itself.
How does that work with the physical carbon tissue?
How do you deal with that?
[51:15] Well, so the way that I like to think of it, and originally I was just kind of putting these concepts.
It seemed very happy.
This seems like something that would freak people out to the point where they would kind of get like so much existential angst and it's so bizarre that it would be hard to just like be present, but you seem very present.
Right, because it gets back to how you think about if it's an NPC game, it would freak people out, right?
Right.
Right.
We're just NP.
This is like the materialist kind of you.
Right.
Right.
Which is while the computer's on, you're here.
Computer gets shut off.
Excuse me.
Everybody's gone.
But in the RPG version, it's a little bit different, right?
So when you play a game, you know, when I was a kid, we used to play Dungeons and Dragons when I was a teenager.
[52:06] And you have a character sheet.
And you'd roll your dice and you'd say that I'm gonna be an elf or I'm gonna be human and my occupation is a wizard or a barbarian, right?
And then you roll the dice and you get all these like different attributes like charisma, intelligence, whatever they were.
I don't even remember all of them now right dexterity all of these things that help you in some way And it's like you're choosing to play this game in this illusory world and I believe that this Is similar to what happens to us when we come into this world if in the RPG version right that we end up choosing a character with a set of parents right and a set of strengths and weaknesses.
And more than that, like a storyline, things that we might want to do.
And we're free when we play the game, we're free to make different choices if we want within the game.
But you've got kind of these challenges or quests.
[53:03] What makes a video game interesting or fun?
So there's a guy who was the founder of Atari, or if you ever met him, Nolan Bushnell.
But he was pretty much the grandfather of the video game industry.
He created Pong back in the day and then created Atari.
And he said there was a rule for how to make a game interesting.
He said, make it easy to play, but difficult to master.
Because if it's not easy to play, people are going to throw it away.
They're not going to play.
But if it's easy to master, they're going to play for a little while, and then they're going to go.
But if you make it easy to play, but difficult to master, that keeps people playing the game.
And so I think if you take this view, you can view the whole world, particularly your life and your story, as a series of quests and challenges.
Things that come up for you that you may or may not be able to achieve the first time around, because we have difficulty levels, don't we, in games.
Right?
Some people have an easier, you know, they want to play the game [54:07] where life's easy, other people want to play the game where life is really tough.
Like actors, when do they win Academy Awards, right?
Tough roles.
Yeah, exactly, tough roles, right?
The ones that really suffer typically, too.
Yeah.
Right?
And, you know, Swami Yogananda and a lot of the Eastern mystics will say that suffering is the nature of this world, right?
That's why we're here is to experience this.
But even in the Western traditions there's a similar idea.
So I started to look up, you know, different traditions in Islam, in Islam.
In the Quran there's like a whole series of verses.
And they say, we have set up this world as a pastime, as a game for you, as a sport.
This world is really, they use this Arabic word, El-Guru-ray, which means an delusion, but it means like an enjoyable delusion sort of.
[55:02] Enjoyable in quotes, because it depends on what you enjoy, right?
Like getting in and playing a really tough role.
Maybe what you enjoy, but that's not fun for the character to go through all that crap that they have to go through.
Right?
And so I think we can view the world as a series of questions and challenges.
Now, the next question is, well, what's the nature of the game, right?
I don't believe the game is Grand Theft Auto, or that's not the type of game we're playing.
So I think we can turn to, you know, people that have died near death experiences.
I don't know if you had any on your show, you may have over the years.
But there was a guy named Daniel Brinkley, who wrote a book called Saved by the Light back in the 90s, he got struck by lightning.
And this is how I first heard about this thing, which is called the Life Review.
And a lot of near-death experiences, they report these series of stages of things that happened to them like they're floating above their body.
They go through a tunnel of light.
[56:00] And we've heard all of this.
But the most important part for me in these stories, and you have not thousands of people, right?
You can just go on YouTube and listen to any of these near-death experiences.
But what Denyan called this thing, called the Life Review, was he called it a holographic, panoramic review of your life.
And what that means, and other near-death experiences reported this, maybe about 20% of them, that you go through every single moment that you ever lived in like this virtual reality, three-dimensional panorama.
But you see it from the point of view of everybody else.
So if you were mean to someone, if you stabbed someone, or in Daniel's case, he was in special forces and vietnam and actually killed people uh...
he said he had to experience what it was like to you know get the bullet and then more than that experience what happened after that guy died his wife [57:00] you know the guy who died his wife and children what kind of suffering the experience so it's like you're reviewing, like after a football game, right, or after a match, you might sit there and review on the screen, what happened, except this screen is like, you know, fully immersive, the best VR you could ever have.
It's like you're reliving the moment.
So a couple of years ago, I was involved with a startup in Silicon Valley.
And we took a game like League of Legends.
You probably heard of League of Legends, like the most popular, at least it was, eSports game, right?
And you've got all these guys on a field, but pretty much you play on a 2D screen.
So we made it so you could replay the game, but you would put on a virtual reality headset.
And it would seem like you were on, you you were on the field in League of Legends and you could replay from any point of view, same with Counter-Strike Global Offensive as the one that I was thinking of because in that game, it's a first-person shooter, so you're like shooting people.
[58:00] And so literally, you could go back and replay that game from the point of view of the person you shot, right?
And so when I was experiencing this it was reminding me of you know all these these things these near-death experiences of telling us about this life review and as an engineer and computer scientist my question is always, well how does that work?
I mean if you could replay every single moment in your life, even the moments when you weren't there, including like what happened to this guy's wife and what happened to their children, somebody has to record all that stuff, right?
Because how are you gonna replay it?
If it's not being recorded.
So, you know, perhaps, you know, this whole game is being recorded, just like we do, in fact, on YouTube, you know, the most popular content other than the Joe Rogan experiences video games content is like the replay.
I remember mine FU when he was like three years old, like before he was even going to school.
He would say to his father, my brother, I want to watch Star Wars.
[59:02] My brother was like, you want to watch the movie?
No, I want to watch that man and that woman play the Star Wars game on YouTube, right?
It was like he was just watching them replay a recording of the video game on YouTube.
And so this life review thing, which is at the crux of near death experiences, I think gives us a clue and an interesting clue, which ties back to your question to me, which is how do you go, you know, how do you live with this stuff?
And I say, well, what if all of this is being recorded and you're making choices and you're gonna have to review it afterwards?
Like the concept of when you die.
Exactly.
St.
Peter reviews your life.
That's right.
So in the Christian traditions, you have Saint Peter.
You have the book of life, right?
Which, theoretically, depending on who you ask, the recording angel has written down whether you get into heaven or not before reviewing your life.
Well, it turns out in the Islamic traditions, they get much more explicit about what that [1:00:01] is.
They call it the scroll of deeds.
Okay.
Now, of course, course remember two thousand years ago they had to call it something people would understand uh...
the scroll of these there's two angels and you've probably seen like you know in the movies in the animated movies still have like a the angel in the devil that comes out of the islaman traditions right and so there's these two angels uh...
the called a kira man catabin and they sitting down and writing, now one's writing down all your good deeds, and one's writing down all your bad deeds.
And what it says in the tradition, and when I delve into these different traditions, it's not so much to say, okay, this religion is right and that one isn't, coming to that independently, all the other stuff maybe, I won't criticize for you believing the other stuff that's up to you.
But that stuff is probably at the core of this thing called life and what happens after life.
And so what it says in Islamic traditions is your book will be laid open for you after [1:01:02] you die.
And you will be the rekinner, right?
So we think of judgment day and we think of all this stuff.
But what it's actually saying, now that's a metaphor.
It doesn't mean there's like angels with a feather pen writing down, but in Chinese, you know, this is what happened this day or in Arabic.
The only thing that makes sense is you would basically just record the entire 3D scene and you would play it back for yourself, which is exactly what near-death experiences describe when they talk about the life review.
It's like this.
They're sitting there.
There's a screen and then suddenly they get pulled into the screen and they replay all of this stuff.
And there's usually an angel or they might call them God or they might say Jesus or they might say it's a being of light.
Different experiences say different things.
But they say that guy doesn't judge you.
You're looking at it saying, oh crap, you know, I was going to try to be better person to my wife this time around.
And I wasn't, you know, and I did this, or I did that over my kids, or, you know, and they tell us that the moments that matter are the small moments in how you treat other people.
[1:02:06] Like that's the thing you're most proud of or you're like, damn, I treat that person in grade school.
You know, we all made fun of her and I should have been her friend.
Like those are the things that really matter.
Yes.
So if that's the game, right, you always think what's the objective of the game, right?
And then I think it gives us a very different perspective and a way to think about life.
So that's one kind of big answer for me.
The other is we go through lots of difficulties in life, right?
Go through financial difficulties, go through health difficulties, right?
And these can seem pretty you know, pretty tough.
But if we just think of them as a quest with the difficulty level, right?
That's higher that we might have to get through.
There might be some purpose to that.
And that ties to the idea of karma, particularly within the Eastern traditions, right?
[1:03:02] Where if you think of karma as a, most people think of karma as, hey, you shot me, I'm gonna shoot you in this traditions, right?
Where if you think of karma as a, most people think of karma as, hey, you shot me, I'm gonna shoot you in this life, right?
That's a very simplistic view of karma.
What karma is actually about is about your thoughts, your desires, and your actions, which then create situations in the future, whether in this life or future life.
So of course, in the Eastern traditions, you have the reincarnation idea, which you don't necessarily have in the Western traditions.
But that karma is about basically a list of information that follows you around from life to life.
So you might have a different body in the next life.
But that information is still there.
Where does it live?
I'm from Silicon Valley.
I like to say it's in the next life, but that information is still there.
Where does it live?
You know, I'm from Silicon Valley, I like to say it's in the cloud, right?
That's where we store all our information.
Yeah.
It's in the database in the cloud.
Which is also bizarre thought, because it's not a cloud.
Yeah, it's not really a cloud.
Why are we even saying that?
Why is that so ubiquitous, I know it's such a stupid term.
It's got it first time I heard it the cloud.
Oh it's scratching my head.
What does that even mean?
It's such a stupid way to describe something [1:04:10] that's really complex and you can actually trace where it is.
Right exactly and so I like to think of it as the reason we call it the cloud is because you don't know exactly where the server is right it could be one of a million servers out there.
Amazon has a huge warehouse, right?
Which is AWS and all the servers are running there.
So you don't, in the past, I used to do software before the cloud.
You would set up your own servers or you'd have your own data center.
And everything you would say, this is how many 386s we have.
This is how many.
Now it's like, it's just out there somewhere, right?
I don't know where the heck it is.
It's out there.
And so I like to think of the cloud as, in a video game, we have the rendered world, right?
So you're watching the video game.
You can see the greenery and everything.
But you also got all that other information there, right?
Right.
Like you got the inventory, your level, you got all this stuff.
[1:05:05] You got your list of quests.
And so where is that information?
It's not in the physical world.
But it's there somewhere.
It's on a server somewhere.
And so I like to think of Karma as a kind of database of quests or achievements or experiences that we still need to have.
And what happens is this database just keeps getting bigger and bigger as we create more desires and situations and actions and things that we do with people.
And then sometimes you have karma to resolve with somebody.
There's the old idea of you meet somebody.
You feel like you've known them for a while.
You're irresistibly drawn to someone and you don't know why, and have some particular experience, whatever that experience is.
And so, you know, within certain traditions, they view that as perhaps when you were planning it, it's like, I like to think of it as like a raid or a gill in a video game, right?
[1:06:00] You say, okay, here's some other people.
We're going to do this together, you know, later on in some point while we're playing the game, we're going to have this particular experience of being business partners or lovers or enemies or whatever the case, you know, whatever the situation is.
But this idea that these experiences, you know, could be there for a reason, you know, when we have tough experiences, is I think something that can be comforting.
I know it was for me, like when I went through certain health crises, for example, that we are here to experience some of these things.
And so if you look at karma more deeply, there's a story from autobiography of Yogi that sounds unbelievable to people that I think is worth it.
Maybe just telling the story because people read that book and they say, did this guy just make this shit up?
Did this stuff really happen?
Or is this from the Arabian night?
So there's a story of this guy named Babaji who's supposedly lived for hundreds of years [1:07:00] in the Himalayas and supposedly still there.
Okay, so that's pretty weird to begin with.
But there's a story of Yogananda's Guru's Guru, a guy named Lahiri, who went up into the mountains and meets this, this, this Babaji, right?
And Babaji says, Lahiri, you have found me.
Finally, I've summoned you to me.
I've been watching you your whole life.
And now I'm gonna reinitiate you.
Don't you remember you used to sit in this cave and used to meditate with me and there's your blanket.
And Lahiri is like, I don't remember any of this stuff, right?
He was like 30 years old.
He's like, I just called out here for some government position.
And he says, well, we need to initiate you in this yogic technique and maybe you'll remember then.
And so he initiates him and he starts to remember all this stuff and then he says, okay, we're gonna initiate you over there And Lahiri looks and there's this golden palace that came out of nowhere, you know right in the middle of the Himalayas and He says we're gonna initiate you in this palace and it just came from nowhere, right?
and so you know so Yogananda is talking about how the dream nature of the world and how yogis can manipulate [1:08:06] it.
But then, Lahiri says, well, one, how did you create this?
Not a nothing, but two, why in this golden palace?
And so this kind of immortal figure in the story says, well, in a previous life, you expressed an interest, a real strong desire to live in a palace in a future life.
And so I've created this dream palace for you.
It's not really real, but you're seeing it.
In order to resolve that karma, so that you don't have to go live a whole life in a palace, like that karma's done now.
Take that off the database.
So I use that to kind of show that sometimes, we put things into the database of karma based upon our strong desires and that becomes part of our script in life.
Like how did I know I wanted to be a computer programmer?
Why do some people want to become podcasters, right, or fighters or comedians?
[1:09:00] It's like we have these things inside of us that sometimes feel they're like something we're just drawn to, right?
It's just something we're about to do now.
Malcolm Gladwell wrote that book, I think it's called Outliers, which is if you spend 10,000 hours doing something, you become an expert.
My question is more, what drives somebody to spend 10,000 hours doing this versus that, right?
I mean, I have friends who are rock climbers, they've probably spent 10,000 hours climbing rocks.
And I'm like, I don't have any desires.
I mean, I'm like, 1000 hours.
But I probably spent 10,000 hours programming when I was young.
It was just something I was nationally drawn to as good at, right?
And I feel like these are part of the quests or achievements that we have in life.
And I think the most interesting people that I've ever met have gone through quests.
Rarely do I find interesting people that haven't experienced something difficult.
Yeah, I mean, in fact, it was partly for me going through some difficulty that got me to write this book finally [1:10:01] because I've been thinking about it for years.
So I ended up, yeah, I was kind of at the height of my entrepreneurial career, had sold my video game company, the Japanese to a Japanese company.
I was at MIT running a startup program called Play Labs for video game companies.
And then I ended up having heart issues.
And I ended up having to get heart surgery, which if anybody's seen that, you can see, it's pretty much the biggest cut, one of the biggest cuts you can make.
And they kept saying, oh, a few months, it'll be fine.
And what happened was after the heart surgery, I couldn't do anything for a while.
It had this long recovery.
It was probably the most difficult period in my life.
And during that time, I would start to get better and I would try to jump back in the business world Back in the Silicon Valley I was gonna raise this big VC fund and do all this stuff and I would my health would like to deteriorate again From the pressure the stress, you know, it's a good question, right?
Just the amount of energy that you need to do these things.
Yeah, your body didn't use that energy to recover [1:11:03] It could be that right, but what what I found was that I did have enough energy.
Because every time I tried to do that, I'd end up back in the hospital for another procedure, right?
It's no fun having our procedures, let me tell you.
But when I did have enough energy to do this other thing that I'd been wanting to do my whole life, which was to write more books.
And so I had just enough energy to go to Starbucks and write, you know, work for an hour or two on simulation hypothesis, which for me was a way to bring together all the threads of my life, like I've been a computer scientist, I've been a video game designer, I spent a lot of time investigating different mystical traditions, shamanic stuff, you know, the, without drugs, you know, more of the shamanic journey.
So, and I spent time with people who were investigating UFOs and religious people and academics who were complete materialists and don't believe in any of this stuff.
And it was a way to bring this all together.
And suddenly I found I had more energy when I did that.
[1:12:02] Right, every time I tried to do something else, my health would start to deteriorate again.
And so eventually I got the message, so for the next couple of years, I just focused on writing, right?
And that led to this book, The Simulation I Fosses.
And I feel like it was part of my life plan.
If you would ask me in high school, what are you gonna do, it would your life?
I would have said, I'm going to be a computer programmer, an entrepreneur, sell my company and become a writer.
Right?
But I always thought I was going to do that, become a writer in my 20s.
When this happened, I was already 48, so I had already, like, I was still in Silicon Valley, right?
Still playing the game, trying to build the next billion dollar company, which is what everybody, you know, tries to do.
The next unicorn, they call it, in Silicon Valley.
And it was like I got this message that there was another part of the story that I was neglecting.
Like I had written some books, but it was like a hobby.
I was doing it on the side.
And then when I focused on it, suddenly it was like I got the message pretty clearly during [1:13:03] that time, this is sort of a mystical experience.
I was going in and out of consciousness or not a lot while I was recovering.
And I would just get the message, you're supposed to be writing, you're supposed to be writing.
What the heck are you doing still out there trying to make money?
That wasn't what we agreed to.
This is what you were supposed to do.
And when I did that, things just flowed much more easily.
And the book went on to be quite successful, and I was able to write another book.
And then, as my health recovered, I realized it was another thing that I'd always wanted to do, which was be a professor in academia.
And that's kind of what I'm doing now.
So I went back for a PhD after many years.
And now I'm teaching classes on the simulation about the system research on AI.
So it was like these things that I kind of wanted to do before and I never got to.
But they were optional parts of the story.
And we still have the ability to make choices.
But sometimes a quest hits us or a situation hits us [1:14:04] with a lot of difficulty.
And maybe there's a bigger purpose to that, right?
Maybe it has something to do with how we set up our character in the game and the choices that we're making.
And so now we're getting into like the personal philosophy side of simulation, which I think is quite valid.
That's probably the second, you know, probably the biggest questions I get asked are, are we in a simulation?
What's the percentage?
And then, you know, what would it matter?
Right.
If we're in a simulation or not.
And I think it can be a positive experience and for I think people who grew up in the modern world with modern technology, it gives us a way to say, you know what, maybe what all those religions were saying wasn't bullshit, right?
It wasn't just stories that people made up, but they just didn't have the language to express something that a lot of people who have had nearly no experiences, they used the word ineffable, right, which means unable to be put into words.
[1:15:02] And so you can't really tell you what's out there, but they use these metaphors to try to describe it.
And so I think whether you view simulation theory as a, you know, hardcore physics thing, or you view it as a metaphor for what this world is all about and how we go through our lives, I think there's value in looking at both of those, both of those angles.
And the metaphor side is what I think, actually for me personally, and that was your question, how does this change the way that I view the world?
It actually has changed the way that I view the world so that when I go through difficult situations, I kind of step back.
They don't bother me as much.
I mean, they still bother me physically, but they don't bother me as much in other ways.
So you view them as challenges in this thing that you're doing.
So instead of what was me, oh my God, how is this happening to me?
Which is the way a lot of people interface with problems.
You go, okay, this is the challenge that I'm presented with.
How do I overcome this challenge and what feels like the thing to do?
[1:16:04] Right.
And why this challenge now?
Right.
Why this challenge and what feels like the thing to do.
Right, and why this challenge now?
Right, why this challenge now?
If there's a part of me that's outside watching this, like maybe when I go to sleep or wherever, whenever, why would it choose this particular challenge?
Right.
At this point in my life, what is it that it's meant to impact and what is it that I need to learn?
But yeah, I view it as a challenge rather than this is just a bad thing that's happening.
And that seems like the right way to play the game if it's game.
Yeah, not only does it seem like the right way, I think that is part of the purpose.
So get back to the idea of Maya or Illusion, right?
So it's like we are agreeing to forget, right?
The Greeks talked about the river of forgetfulness, Lethae.
It's one of the five rivers in the Netherlands.
Well, when you incarnate Plato talked about this, you cross the river and you forget everything [1:17:03] outside of this physical world.
And in the Chinese traditions, you have the same thing.
You have Meng Poe, excuse me, who's a goddess of forgetfulness?
And she bruised the tea of forgetfulness, and you drink it and you forget what was going on before.
And so getting back to this idea of everything being an illusion, you kind of agree to forget in my view and I think within this way of viewing the world as a video game.
In order to enjoy, and I put in joy in quotes because that doesn't necessarily mean it's all fun and games, right?
It's maybe experience is a better word to experience these things in life in a way that we forget, but it's okay sometimes I think to step to step out and maybe we remember a little bit of the storyline or we recognize someone, right?
There was a hypnotherapist who wrote a book called Journey of Souls, Dr.
Michael Newton.
[1:18:06] I don't know if you ever have heard of it.
So he started with regression hypnosis taking people back to their childhood.
And every now and then they ended up somewhere before their childhood, meaning before they were born.
Right?
And so he had a bunch of patients and he started to, you know, do this more and more and they all kind of described a similar type of thing like where they existed before they were born.
So these are sometimes called pre-birth memories now and and they talk about this time when they were choosing what kind of a life they were gonna have and they And they would see on a screen, like a screen, again, metaphors, like, you know, timelines and say at this point, if you choose, you know, you choose to go to Austin or stay in Los Angeles or whatever, right?
That takes you on this path.
This takes you on that path.
[1:19:01] That you see like this graph of possibilities out there for your life.
And then some of them described like having friends, like your friends list in a game.
And that they would say, okay, this is how you're going to recognize me in the game.
Because I'm going to have on this avatar.
I'm using the term avatar because I talk about video games.
They didn't necessarily use that.
But they said, this is how you're going to recognize me.
I'm the first time you encounter me.
I'm going to be on a red bicycle or something, right?
In childhood, or I'm going to be wearing this dress at this dance or whatever the case is.
So they had these little clues for how they would recognize some of the people that they really wanted to have certain quests or experiences or achievements within the game, group quests, if you will, which is a little bit different than the kind of quest as the difficult experience we're talking about, but they're all different kinds of quests, I would say.
And so I think we can take that as an interesting way, again, another metaphor for how we think about life is that perhaps we've had some of these things laid out for us, but we're still free to make our choices a long way.
[1:20:11] And I think it gives us a richer experience of life as we go through the game.
Well, that's certainly the most beneficial way to interact with it.
To just think of this whole thing as a game, and to think of this whole game as like this game will give you clues as to how to play it.
And you'll have experiences that you can engage with, and you can say that you're enjoying them, or that you're getting pleasure out of that, or you're getting excitement out of that, or you're getting some out of that or you're getting excitement out of that or you're getting some sort of fulfillment out of that.
But you still have to play the game.
So you're here.
Right, you're here, what are you gonna do?
One way or the other, right?
How you gonna do it?
What's the beneficial way to go through this [1:21:01] where you feel harmonious?
Like I know if I feel like I'm wasting time or I'm doing nothing, I have this like feeling like, what did you do with your day?
Like, oh, it was terrible feeling versus if I work and I get things done at the end I'm like, oh, I did it.
I feel good.
You know?
Like, okay, like the universe, the game is telling me, you're on the right path.
That's the way to do it Right, and I think that's the key is you know, we all get different messages for When we're on the right path.
Yeah, and when we're not And I think we sometimes sense that right sometimes things just kind of flow easily Yes, and other times they don't necessarily But yeah, I agree I I think, you know, viewing the game in that way based on your own signals in your brain, in your body, that is television, your intuition, right?
Right.
And there's different ways to think about that.
Like some people have suggested, like some physicists have suggested that there are these possible futures and that they are sending back [1:22:10] Information from the future to the present right because time doesn't really exist the same way Again, when we get back into quantum mechanics it starts to be weird But like there's a guy named Fred Allen Wolf who was one of these Berkeley physicists in that book How the hippie saved physics.
I've never heard of that book, but it was an interesting book about how people in quantum mechanics stop thinking about what the heck does this mean, because it was too complicated back in the 60s.
And in the 70s, a group of hippie physicists, all PhD physicists in Berkeley used to have this group and talk about what does this all mean.
One of the guys was Fritjoff Kappara, who wrote the Dow Physics.
Another, I think, was Gary Zookoff.
But a bunch of these guys ended up looking at, you know, what does this all mean as opposed to just calculating, which is what physicists were doing at the time?
But so one of these guys talks about these futures [1:23:01] are sending us information.
And sometimes what we get are clues, right?
Saying that, oh, this is a possibility.
Maybe I should choose this over that.
It's almost like the futures are sending back these messages to the past.
And I think of that as different runs of the game, right?
And it's possible there's a part of us that might be running the game forward as a simulation to try to see what might happen and then come back and then you make a choice based on, you know, this idea, like, there was some guy's role to paper recently about dreams as they sort of way to simulate like weird bad experiences, traumatic experiences, maybe preparing you for things in life.
But when you start to think about the world as a simulation, again, you can simulate more than once, right?
You can try out what might happen if you did X, what might happen if you do Y.
Kind of like, you watch the Lord of the Rings movies, right?
[1:24:01] If you look at what they did was before Peter Jackson, what they did was before they actually filmed the scene, they would create a previs visualization, using crude graphics and stuff.
You can see they played out what it might look like before they got around and did the act.
It's so expensive in a movie to shoot a particular scene.
They would do this pre-visualization.
And so, you know, perhaps there's a part of us that's watching the game that's doing this pre-visualization and they're sending us clues about what might happen if we do X or what might happen, you know, if we do Y.
And so that, you know, that takes us even back to what I was talking about earlier with Philip K.
Dick, and his idea that the universe, what happens is we actually go and we change variables and we run it, and we might have the sense that we're re-running the same scene, [1:25:00] we're saying the same things, but something could be different and usually something is different When you run the simulation, you know, that's what got me into a whole another rabbit hole Which I covered my second book which is the Mandela effect that I don't know if you've you've heard about the Mandela effect I have but I don't necessarily totally understand it.
Yeah Well, I kind of dismissed the whole thing earlier, you know.
And the Mandela effect is when a small group of people remember something happening differently in the past than what is the majority consensus opinion.
And it's about Mandela being dead, right?
Well, that was the first thing that kind of kicked off this blogger who actually coined the term.
I think her name was Fiona Brum.
She's just some people remember Nelson Mandela dying in prison in the 80s.
But of course, he didn't die in prison, right?
You can look it up, right?
He got out of prison, became president of South Africa, won the Nobel Peace Prize and died in whatever it was, like more recently, like 20, 30 or 10 or something like that.
[1:26:04] But the people who remember this, they remember it with just like a whole bunch of specific details, right?
His wife, Winnie, spoke at the funeral.
There were certain US politicians or presidents there.
And so what happened was that was one Mandela effect, if you will.
And then there started to be all these other things that people remembered that were different.
And some of these were relatively minor things like the spelling of fruit loops or...
Barons and bears.
That's the most famous one, right?
The Baronstein Bears, right?
Everybody, in fact here, we can see it there, right?
If you ask people, most people remember it as the Baronstein bears.
But when you look at it, it's actually the baronstein bears.
It's a relatively small change, but it's one that people are really confused about.
Then there's the movies, right?
The movie lines, like in Star Wars, did he say, [1:27:03] Luke, I am your father, did Darth Vader actually say that?
And then there were entire episodes of Star Trek, where the Trekkies in the audience remembered this episode, and they're talking to the cast members of the original Star Trek.
And the cast members were like, we never shot this episode, what are you talking about?
No, no, no, we saw it.
This is what happened in the episode.
Then you got the whole sim bad thing, which was a movie that he supposedly made called Was it Kazam or Shazam?
It was called Kazam, but there was actually a movie with Shaq called Shazam.
Anyway, there's a whole bunch of these movie-related ones.
There's a bunch of these logo ones like the Bernstein Bears.
But the more interesting ones come, I think, with the effect with events like Mandela.
Like do you remember Tiananmen Square?
What happened to that guy in front of the tank?
[1:28:01] He stood in front of the tank and they removed him, right?
They didn't run him over.
Right, that's what I remember too, right?
But there's a group of people who remember, you know, the tank running him over instead of the bloodiest thing they ever saw on television, right?
Like this vivid memory of this thing, right?
Or like the Reverend Billy Graham, like, I don't know when he died, but they're like these evangelical Christians who say that my parents follow this guy and they got a magazine with him on the cover saying he died many years earlier than he actually died, right?
And they remember it vividly.
And so those events start to become interesting.
But the ones that I find really interesting are the ones where there's some interesting evidence like scripture.
So people take their scripture pretty seriously.
Like do you know the line in Isaiah about the lion and the lamb?
I don't remember it.
[1:29:00] Yeah, but you remember there was a line about the lion and the lamb.
Well it turns out there isn't right It's it has some of the wolf shall I with a lamb or something like that right?
And what's weird is that people have like you know like little wall clocks and things with a picture of a lion in a lamp But it's not even in the scripture.
It's not in the scripture, right?
And so and I thought okay Well, maybe it's a translation thing, you know, maybe, maybe one version of the King James Bible has it in the other one.
And people are like, no, I have my same physical copy from when I was a kid, and I memorized this particular line.
And so, you know, and there's a whole, there are websites that track these different lines, different things that maybe have changed.
And what do you think these things are?
Well, so I started to wonder, you know, does this happen in other scriptures?
You know, is it only in like the Bible?
Like this is going on?
And so I started looking around at Islam and the Quran because they memorized the Quran word for word.
[1:30:02] I mean, that is like the first thing you have to do to become a priest.
You have to like be able to say the whole damn thing and I was wondered why do you need to memorize it?
It seems kind of stupid nowadays.
You can just look it up.
So I found this one Sufi Imam online who was talking about this and he says that in the Islamic traditions in the Middle East there are these beings that are allowed to go back in time and change things, physical things.
But they're not allowed to change your memory.
These beings are called the Jin.
We've heard of them from Aladdin, right?
The Genie.
The Genie is singular for Jin.
But the Jin don't exist in space and time in the same way that we exist in space and time.
And so the reason that they still memorize it word for word, I don't know if this is something in the full orthodoxy, but this was his explanation was that because the general allowed to change physical objects but they're not allowed to change our memory, that's why it's memorized word for word so that nobody can mess with the scripture.
[1:31:05] And so I found that really fascinating.
But there are other physical objects like the thinker.
Do you know the thinker?
The statue?
Yes.
Okay, so where is the guy's hand in that?
Isn't he like, doesn't his hand on his chin?
Yeah, it's kind of under his chin like this, right?
And we could even bring it up, right?
If we could find it.
Right?
But there's a turn up.
There it is, right?
And so there are several bronze casts of this.
There was one at Stanford that I went and looked at recently.
But what you find is there's a bunch of people with their hand at the top of their forehead, right?
Standing next to the statue, right?
And okay, you might think there's a bunch of crazy tourists doing it for fun, but it's really weird.
So there's actually a picture that I found from the London unveiling of Rodance, the thinker, [1:32:04] which was George Bernard Shaw, GB Shaw, in the poseance the thinker Which was George Bernard Shaw G.B.
Shaw in the pose of the thinker.
We see if we can find this picture.
And so this was just the night before This was being rolled out to the public in London for the first time.
I forget what year like 1902 or something.
Okay, so there's G.B.
Shaw.
This is like a famous picture now.
In the pose of the thinker and where is his hand?
On his head.
On his forehead.
And he was probably standing right next to, you know, where the statue was unveiled.
And so you have to start to wonder like, why would people do that?
Those hands are in a different position too.
Yeah, yeah, it's interesting, right?
Yeah, his hand's on his left knee, the other guy's got his hand all the way across onto the other side.
Yeah, exactly.
And it's a different hand that he's got in his head as well.
Right, and if you read like even wrote in.
Left hand versus right hand.
Right, and so there's like, there's almost three versions of this.
There's the hand under the chin.
Well, maybe these images are reversed because I'm seeing somewhat the right hand on his chin.
[1:33:06] So that one down there, Jamie, the one below that, yeah, the right hand's on the chin.
So there's different versions of the thinker.
Right, right.
So let's go back to the one that I saw was the one at Stanford, for example, right?
Okay.
But in these poses, in the statues, the hand is always under the chin, but in the images where people are imitating it, the hand is on the head.
The hand is on the head.
And you find references, you know, to either it being a fist under the chin or slightly under the chin, which is what it is now, right?
It's kind of very lightly, or on the forehead.
And so now, I'm not necessarily saying that all of this stuff happens.
Like I just missed a lot of this is just faulty memory.
And that's the currently accepted explanation from the Mandela effect is a whole bunch of people got it wrong, right?
But what you find is that the more significance that something has [1:34:02] to you, the less likely you are to get it wrong, right?
So if you're Jewish and you asked your parents, why are these bears Jewish?
Right?
And your parents didn't say, oh, it's not really Bernstein, it's Bernstein, right?
You know, that's proximity to that subject, right?
There was a blogger online, I'm forgetting her name now.
She was a journalism student in Chicago and she said she went to South Africa to interview Nelson Mandela in prison and was told that he was too ill.
So she literally came back and then she started working for NPR and then she says, well, I remember him dying shortly after.
Now, if you just went to South Africa to interview Nelson Mandela and then you remember him dying.
That's proximity and significance.
You're less likely to get it wrong than just some random guy who just thought Mandela died.
Or if you're heavy duty Christian and you're more likely to memorize certain passages from [1:35:01] the Bible.
Again, I just missed it.
Then what happened was after I had written the simulation hypothesis about this idea that the whole world is computation.
Friend of mine from MIT, who was working at Google, came to me and said, you know, hey, have you heard the Mandela effect?
I was like, yeah, I heard about it, but, you know, a bunch of people are remembering, you know, different stuff.
Right.
No big deal.
He goes, well, the simulation, I thought this is one of the best explanations for this that the world is a simulation.
Now, I was surprised for two reasons.
One, most guys who work at MIT or Google, they tend to be very left-brained.
So the Mandela effect is not something that they generally pay attention to, or UFOs or any of this kind of weird stuff.
But the more I thought about it, the more I realized that if you're writing a simulation and you go back and you change some variables and you rerun the simulation, lots of little things could be different along the way.
[1:36:01] And if you think of all the Mandela facts, and I like to use the Mandela effect as a way of illustrating this idea that a simulation can run multiple timelines, right?
Whether you believe it's actually happened is up to you, right?
But if let's say the thinker has three different possibilities, then you got let's say the Bernstein Bears, let's say you have curious George, does he have a tail, does he not have a tail, right?
That's actually a good one I don't I don't remember which one it is, but if you look it up I don't think he has a tail.
He don't think so.
No, I don't know.
Let's see if we if we can bring it up But all monkeys up tails George curious George is a monkey, right?
Right.
It's far.
Yeah.
He's a don't know do all monkeys up tails right like He's off-tails?
Right, like all apes are monkeys, but not all monkeys are apes.
Right, that's more of a superset, subset type of this.
But we've curious George's a particular drawing, right?
That was me, right?
Just curious where he was off-tail?
Does he have a tail?
Let's see.
Yep.
He does have a tail, right?
He's got a tail.
Wow.
Sometimes he doesn't or he's never had a choice.
Trace George never had a tale.
Yo.
[1:37:05] And so I think the way you remember it, which is without the tale, is the currently, the current consensus reality view of what it is.
But so let's go back to my point about these different possibilities, right?
OK.
So imagine each of these is different possibilities.
You got like 50 of these effects or 100 of these effects.
Now you basically have this huge graph right in this one Darth Vader said this but curious George had a tale in this one he didn't.
What you have is this network graph of possibilities of the past right you have many different possible pasts.
The glitches of the matrix.
Exactly.
So now you're sitting on this idea that maybe these are glitches in the matrix.
That's something weird has happened.
But it could also be that we switched, right?
You're now on this timeline, but you remember, you have like a deja vu or you have like a weird memory.
[1:38:01] Right.
So even though you can Google, no, I was wrong about Mandela in your mind and in your memory, like, no, no, no, no, no, he died in prison.
Right.
Or, you know, I, you know, for me, I know he died in prison.
I remember it.
I remember being sad.
I remember the, the news stories.
Right.
I remember talking about it with friends or Bill clinton spoke at the funeral or whoever right right i mean people get that specific yeah with their memories and so i think it becomes harder to just dismiss some of some of these you know i'm fruit loops for a louvre you can probably find there's some faulty memory yeah there's some faulty memory going on here but at the same time some weirdness some weirdness is not because not a movie line.
It's like entire movies, right?
That people claim to have had on VHS.
Like, let's look at the one that was the Simbad one, I think, right?
So supposedly there was this movie by Simbad.
Simbad the comedian.
Yeah, the comedian, right?
In the 90s that people remember having, you know, with their VHS tapes [1:39:03] and they were sitting there and they were rewinding and they were talking about specific scenes from it right and Simbat was like oh of course I've never made that movie I think I think it was called Kazam right Shazam Shazam yeah Kazam is the real movie yeah that's right so it's called Shazam was the one that people remember right so but Shazam was actual movie with Shaq right in 90s.
So most people say, okay, that was the real movie that we remember.
Right, and yet all of them, Kazam, right?
And yet all these people remember Simbad.
They mourn this because they made up joke on like April Fool's Day that they made like a fake movie where it looked like that was real.
So people still are like pulling that back up.
Now I'm gonna be like, like look the movie is real so it kind of confused this mandelo effect it did in fact simbad shot a scene just for the hell of it because he says people say that I was in this movie that I was never in right so he shot a scene and put it up on youtube or something how weird isn't that strange okay but again whether you believe this or not what a [1:40:01] simulation idea right this is how I got deep in the rabbit hole, is this idea that you can run something multiple times.
And when you do, you may be remembering a previous run of the simulation.
Right?
So, you know, there might have been a run where, let's say, you never moved to Austin, right?
And maybe you remember something from it.
But it brings up the possibility.
In fact, you may have seen the movie The Adjustment Bureau with Matt Damon and Emily Blunt.
No.
So that was also based on a Philip K.
Dick novel, right?
So Philip K.
Dick keeps coming up in these discussions, and ping pong, for some reason, always keeps coming up in these discussions.
So he wrote a story called The Adjustment Team.
And in that story, there are these guys who are kind of there adjusting things while you're not looking.
And that made it into the movie.
They kind of look like angels in the movie, but they had like these little books that showed what was going on and things were off track.
And they would like try to [1:41:02] get them back on track.
The movie was adaptation.
It didn't have exactly the same storyline.
So Tessa, his wife told me this came from when he went into the bathroom and he tried to like pull the light.
They used to have chain lights back a lot in the 60s, 70s, somewhere near LA, I think Fullerton or somewhere around there, I forget where.
And he's like, well, this has been a light switch.
Like he went and he knew it was a chain because he had done it hundreds of times, but it was a light switch.
So he said, who changed it, right?
Did somebody change from the chain to the light switch?
But nobody had changed it.
And so he couldn't figure out what was going on.
And so he kind of theorized this idea that there are, as we run different versions of the simulation, little things can end up changing and we remember things being different.
So anyway, where that brings us is right back to that complicated physics experiment that I was telling you about.
I can let an hour ago now or so, which was the delayed choice experiment, right?
Remember I said there was a quasar sending light to us, [1:42:08] a billion light years, and a million light years away, there was a black hole, and the decision about whether to go left or right should have been made in the past, should have been made a million years ago.
But the weirdness with quantum mechanics is telling us that decision is made now when we measure it until then both possibilities actually exist.
So most people can understand the multiverse idea as being something that starts here and spreads out, right?
You're like, I go to college in Boston, I go to college in San Francisco, those are like two different storylines.
I marry this person, I marry this other person.
So those are multiple possible futures.
That's pretty easy to grasp the idea of, even if you don't believe the features are out there, you just say if you make choices, you end up in different places.
But the weird thing that is really hard to put your mind around [1:43:01] is what if there are multiple possible pasts?
What if there was a past where the light went left?
What if there was a past where the light went right a million years ago?
What if there's a past where a meteor didn't kill the dinosaurs?
There's a past where the meteor did kill the dinosaurs.
What if there's a past where the guy in Tiananmen Square got run over by the tank?
And what if there's a past where the guy didn't get run over by the tank.
And so what the cosmic delayed choice experiment tells us when they've tried to do this, and they do it using double slits.
But they sent some light through one of these two slits up to a satellite.
That was like 1,000 miles away or something like that.
I forget exactly how many miles, but it takes whatever a fraction of a second to get there.
But there's some appreciable time between when it has to go through the slit and when it reaches the satellite, that it can measure it.
[1:44:00] And it turns out that it confirmed what Wheeler was talking about in the Delay Choice experiment was that that choice of whether to go through the slit on the left or the right wasn't actually made until the satellite measured that photon.
So what it meant was that there were two possible pasts.
Now, that's a very short period of time we're talking about here less than a second second, but in the case of the cosmic deletion, we're talking about a million years ago.
A decision would have had to have been made a million years ago, whether to go left or right, because that's what we think of as the past.
But what the deletion is, the telling us is that doesn't actually happen until now.
So what if these Mandela facts are going right back to your very first question or one of your first questions to me, which is how do I know this is what happened in the past, right?
So there's in some possible worlds, it's burned stained bears and in some possible world, [1:45:01] it's burned stained bears and this minor deviation sort of gets confusing in today's world with some people.
Because some people have this memory of a different reality.
Right.
And it seems very, very real to them and they're confused, like the light switch.
Right.
Exactly.
And it takes us right back to both the quantum physics idea that the past is not what we think it is.
And there was a guy, a Schrodinger, again, who actually made an obscure speech in the 1940s, I think, where he said, not only are we choosing which slit, you know, the double slit experiment goes through now, let's say Schrodinger's cat is alive or dead, but we're choosing from one of several simultaneous histories when we make that observation, right?
So that means there's a whole history where the cat came in from, you know, came in from the front yard versus the back yard, [1:46:01] and before that the cat belonged to somebody else and there's a whole history that goes with the choices that are made.
And so this is not a very well understood aspect of the weirdness of quantum mechanics.
But I think it gets to this idea that maybe there's multiple possible paths and that we choose those as we run.
Now if we think of this as a simulated reality, then it becomes a little more understandable.
So I said the main argument people have on the multiverse idea is that or physicists have, right?
So some physicists like the Copenhagen interpretation that's called Neel's book or came up with it in Copenhagen and he and his other folks, that there's a probability wave and it collapses into one.
We don't know how works, it just kind of collapses.
Some physicists like this multiverse idea because they're like, we know how the mathematics work, but the problem is it ends up in all these physical universes.
[1:47:04] Now I've never seen a planet clone itself, right, let alone an entire universe, a physical universe, right?
That would, and cloning may happen, but it happens at a very small level and then it grows, right?
Even if you clone a sheep or something, you still have to like grow the sheep or you clone a tree.
But if it's a simulated reality, then both of these things actually make more sense.
Because on the one hand, you only render that which is seen as a player.
On the other hand, what we're calling multiple, you know, universes are just different runs of the simulation.
And so in computer science, we're always dealing with limitations.
So we don't just run an incident number of anything, because you can't with computer resources.
But if you're playing a game, and the AI is trying to figure out what's going to happen, what does it do?
It will try this scenario.
It'll try that scenario.
It'll try that scenario.
[1:48:01] And it'll pick the best scenario.
And so in that case, you cut off the other timelines and you go that forward and from there you can simulate different things and figure out which one you might want to do.
So you've got a mechanism for the multiverse as information, but you don't have to have an infinite number of physical universes per say, because when we say this is a universe, all that it means is that currently we're running this program right now.
We could have run another program for a little while, and then we can shut that down and we can run this program.
We could even run them on parallel.
Today's processor, today's laptops have parallel processors, right?
So you can run a whole bunch of things in parallel.
And that's what gets to the idea of a quantum computer.
What the heck is that quantum computer doing that it can explore all the 18 quintillion possibilities and come back to us within a few seconds?
[1:49:02] Well, what does a few seconds mean, right?
A few seconds.
A few seconds does a few seconds mean?
Right?
A few seconds in our reality, if the program stops, like if people are watching this on YouTube, they have a window.
But they might have Microsoft Word running.
They might have a spreadsheet.
They might have Instagram in the window.
What's happening is this process is in the foreground while they're watching YouTube.
And then all these other processes are in the background.
And so when a process runs, it just knows I'm going to the next step.
I'm going to the next step.
It doesn't necessarily know how many seconds have passed.
So what the CPU does is it stops executing this window, and it runs the background programs for a little while.
And then it comes back and it runs this one for a while.
So technically speaking, they're not really parallel, but you don't know it because it just appears like they're all running at the same time.
But if you're inside one program, that program could have been paused and you could have [1:50:01] been running, you know, the computer could run any number of programs or processes on the side.
And then it starts running you again and you think no time has passed or nothing has passed.
I could imagine how you would experience paralysis by analysis dealing with all these different possibilities and scenarios constantly just playing them all out in your head.
Yeah.
You kind of get stuck If if you're trying to do it yourself, right?
Yeah Well, that's why you have to limit it right you can't do all the scenarios You try to figure out what is the best one then you make that choice in the game Well, yeah, and then you start moving forward from that That possible and a lot of people don't know how to play the game.
They don't know where to go They get stuck.
I don't know where to go.
Right.
I don't know what to do.
Yeah, I don't have a calling Yeah, and I think there's an element of forgetfulness there, right and they get so stuck into so I talked about NPC [1:51:01] versus RPG role-playing game where you have an avatar.
I think there's something in the middle too.
So this is an idea I'm playing with, which is that people could be players, they could be characters, but then they go into NPC mode.
Right?
NPC mode.
I mean, I know NPCs use a lot now with...
Pajorative.
Pajorative, and narratives, right?
Whether it's a dominant narrative, if you're just going along with a narrative, right?
But if you think of NPC as a collection of neural networks, an AI, right?
It only knows what it's been taught here in that world that the NPC lives in, right?
Whereas if you're actually, like you have either a soul or a player outside of the game, right?
Your character knows more than just what's happened.
Then what's happening in the game, but you may have had a plan.
You may have, you know, no, you're going to do this.
You may know there's something else coming up because they can see the player can kind [1:52:02] of maybe look at what's going on and figure out what's going on.
But what happens is when we go to NPC mode, we're just kind of running like this is all there is, and we're not paying attention to I think our intuition, because I think that is the link that ties us back to what do you think our intuition is?
Well, I think some people think that the intuition is just neurons firing, right?
And that gives us an intuition.
But I think it's something more than that.
And I think it gets back to this fundamental question of consciousness, right?
The fundamental question is, is consciousness derivative from the physical body.
So if you have just the neurons in the brain and you have all the connections, what we call the connectome, does that result in consciousness?
Or is it the other way around?
Is it that consciousness exists outside of the physical body [1:53:05] and that we are tapped into that, that is who we are.
So this is a fundamental debate within science and religion as well, right?
Most scientists say it's all physical, that's all there is.
You die and that's it, right?
And what are your thoughts is just based upon your neurons.
And then most religions say, they office it.
They say that there is a part of you that is outside the physical world, and that is where consciousness comes from.
And this is an ongoing debate.
I was just in Tucson.
They have a science of consciousness conference every year.
And you know, everybody has their ideas about what consciousness year.
And there's everybody has their ideas about what consciousness is.
And I think it's a big open question.
So in fact, I spoke, I was asked to speak at this conference in Birmingham last year, which is an Islamic jurisprudence [1:54:00] conference, which is they were talking about, when does life begin?
When is in so many?
Same debate does life begin?
When is in soul?
My same debate we have here about is abortion, OK, at the beginning is a not like, when does the soul connect with the body?
And I said, well, I think let me offer you guys a different perspective on what in soulment is.
If you think of it as a video game, it's the moment at which you've put on the headset and you forget everything that's been happening before.
There was like an Iatola from Iran there.
It was pretty weird because I was talking about NPCs and video games and stuff.
But it was actually pretty well received.
But that is getting back to the idea that consciousness exists outside the body and when we inhabit the body, you know, while we're here, except for flashes of insight and intuition or yogic states or perhaps, you know, I mean, I've never done DMT, but so many people have come to me and said, oh yeah, you know, when I did DMT, I saw the lines, the grid lines of [1:55:03] the simulation, right?
You can see that it's not real.
And so, I don't personally have a lot of experience with that, but you start to see these states where they realize that something about the world isn't quite what it seems, whether it's through glitches, synchronicity, coincidence, or ecstatic states, or yogic states.
The problem with DMT experiences and all psychedelics in general is that when you do experience them, they feel so bizarrely real, so much more real than this current reality that we're both of us presumably experiencing the same thing.
It seems more real.
And you get not just a sense that all things are connected, but that you see it.
You see how all things are connected in this very strange way that you're not going to be able to describe.
There's no words that can solve that and make sounds so you can understand what I've seen.
[1:56:07] And so how do you describe it then?
You don't.
You'd clumsily use mouth noises to try to get someone to see what you're saying and the only way anybody really understands what you're seeing is if they do it.
And I don't know what you're seeing when you do it.
I'm just imagining that you see the same thing that I say.
And a lot of people describe it in a similar way, but then the problem is how much of that description is based on your understanding of other people's descriptions of it.
And does it get influenced by other people?
Yeah, are you relaying it?
Because that definitely happens with a lot of things.
How do you think all this relays into the UAP phenomenon, the UFO phenomenon, the entities, whatever whatever the hell they are?
Can we pause here for a second?
Yeah, because I think I need to just take a quick break.
Bathroom break?
Bathroom, but also maybe get a little snack.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah, please.
Okay, let's do that.
Okay, we'll pause.
[1:57:02] Good transition plan actually.
Okay, so how does this relate to UAPs, the UFO phenomenon?
Well, so, you know, the UAP phenomenon is interesting because it ends up being a lot of different things to different people, right?
And I know you've had some shows on this as well.
And, you know, this question comes up when you're talking about whether it's physical craft or you're talking about things like the abduction phenomenon with beings that are stepping in and out of physical reality, like they're going through walls and stuff.
And it's an area that I think deserves more study.
There's been new projects that Harvard and Stanford over the last year or two, Avilo with the Galileo project.
They're taking a very scientific view of studying this using new telescopes to try to get actual data on strange objects in the sky.
And at Stanford you've got Gary Noan's Soul Foundation, [1:58:01] which is studying maybe broader aspects, including policy, as well as like the religious and social side of it.
And I know you've had Diana Pasalca on before, who talks a lot about the overlap between religion and UAP.
One of the things that I found most interesting about UAP is that when you look at the reports, there's some that just are so bizarre that you don't know what to make of them, right?
And so I spent some time with Jacques Vallet, who I don't know if he's been on the show, he may have been, but he's been studying UAP since 60s with Project Blue Book way back when, and he was the, for people that don't know him, he was French guy and closing counters.
Exactly.
He was the inspiration for the French guy.
Right, in closing counters.
And so, he and I sat down a few years ago when I was trying to think about all this stuff in Silicon Valley and he said that, [1:59:01] well, and he's a computer scientist by background actually.
So, he really likes this idea that there's a simulated reality that could be accounting for a lot of this stuff.
And so he told me of some cases where there would be one person would look up and see the UFO and then person standing next to them would not see the UFO.
So that begs the question, was it really there or not?
Was it somehow projected into physical reality?
So he told me about another case.
This was really interesting.
And he said there was a case in, I think it was Northern California or Southern Oregon.
So if you've been up there, there's like these tall redwood trees or just pine trees and Supposedly these witnesses reported this UFO came and it landed it came at a 45-due angle and it landed on the ground and Supposedly there was some you know residue or something that the UFO investigators were investigating.
[2:00:05] So, you know, Jacques likes to, just like you do with your long interviews, he likes to sit with people for a long time and then come back the next day and talk to them again, and again to see if there's new things he can figure out.
And he, you know, once all the other investigators left, he said, well, there's something I don't quite understand.
You said that it came down at a 45 degree angle, and it landed here.
But that means it would have had to cut right through the trees.
Okay?
And they said, yeah, that's what it did, but we don't want to say that to anybody else because we sound crazy.
Right?
So meaning it would have had to come through a physical object.
And so my question about UAP and my favorite theory, there's a lot of theories about UAP, right?
There's the alien theory, extraterrestrial hypothesis.
There's aspects of the religious hypothesis, interdimensional beings.
There's the gin that we talked about earlier, right?
[2:01:02] I'm in fact in Jocks' work, he talks about a lot about folktales from Northern Europe know, these beings that lived there, but they weren't physical.
And you can go back and find similar tales in the Middle East related to the Jin.
So we'll come back to that in a second.
So there's lots of different theories.
But when you think about whether the UFO is physical or not, I think we get, we're asking the wrong question, right?
Because it's a question of when is it physical and when is it not.
So in this case, we have a situation where it's almost like it was being projected into our reality, right?
As like a holographic thing.
And so there's, in video games, you games, there's that time while it's rendering.
And during that time, you can walk through the walls or you can like put your hand through the table, but then once the table is rendered, it's pretty solid at that point, right?
Like now I can't put my hand through it.
And so it's almost as if they're coming out of our reality and they're being, you know, they're being, uh, hologrammed.
[2:02:09] But then once they become physical, once they render, they're actually physically here, right?
People report them as a physical thing.
I mean, I've talked to many people over the years who were like, I looked up and there was a metallic saucer-shaped craft, right?
It wasn't, oh, some light in the sky at night that could have been the planet Venus, right?
It was like, there was this metallic thing right above my head, right?
That was spinning.
I don't know what the heck it was.
And so, you know, I think there's a element of this rendering going on and getting back to the case where one person sees you a phone one person doesn't.
I was at the the Seoul Foundation conference in Stanford.
And someone was talking about a case where there were people in a car, and they looked up and one person saw like a disc-shaped object, and the other person saw something above their head, [2:03:00] but it described it differently, right?
Like they didn't describe it as the same shape, whether it was, sorry, cigar-shaped or I forget the exact shape, but they described it differently, right?
Like they didn't describe it as the same shape, whether it was, sorry, cigar shaped or I forget the exact shape, but they were like different shapes of the object.
And they were right next to each other, right?
And so we get into this, I think we get into this case where reality may be more permeable than we think.
And that's where the intersection between the UAP phenomenon and the simulation theory concept comes into play.
Because in simulation theory, and looking at it as a video game in particular, you can account for stuff that just seems too weird if we live in a purely physical universe.
And I talked about this earlier, let's suppose you would iron the field.
One of us looks up and sees the UFO and the other one doesn't.
Well, in a video game that's only not strange, it's like trivial to do that in a video game.
[2:04:00] We just say, you're level 30, you have the UFO skill set to see UFOs.
I'll say I'm only level two.
My character can't see a damn thing.
It just looks up and says they know UFOs up there.
And so I'm wondering if there isn't an element of what I call conditional rendering going on, right, with this phenomenon, which is why some people see things and some people don't.
It's almost like they're being projected into our reality.
You know?
And if you look at the tic-tac case, for example, I mean, a lot of these, you have those, they show this weird phenomenon where they kind of dart from one place to the other.
Almost like somebody has a light that they're shining.
So I'm not saying they're not physical.
I'm saying that maybe they have this ability to render into the physical world, but then they can act like, you can take an object from one place and render it in a video game somewhere else at different XY coordinates.
[2:05:00] It doesn't always have to go straight through.
And I wonder if that isn't part of what's causing this phenomenon to be so strange.
And that, I'm still talking about what we think of as the nuts and bolts parts of the phenomenon, right?
The craft are considered nuts and bolts.
Then you have this whole other phenomenon.
And part of, you know, what I'm studying, I actually did a study where I interviewed a number of different professors who studied UFOs from different universities and talked about how their colleagues reacted.
And the problem is, I think in the scientific world, they basically say, no, no, this is a done deal.
We know this is a bunch of bullshit from back in the 1970s, you know, 1969-70, there was the Condon Report.
I'll give you an example.
So I spoke at the University of Toronto last year at astronomy and space exploration forum.
And the speaker before me was like a NASA biologist talking about exobiology, which is about how plants or whatever might work on different [2:06:06] planets.
And then I gave this talk about UFOs from science fiction to legitimate science again, right?
Because what happens with this topic is it goes through these waves where scientists start to take it more seriously and then it gets shut down through what I call science by headline, like the Condon report was one.
There's been another report recently from Arrow, right?
That was basically, say, well, there's nothing weird going on here.
They're just classified programs.
That's it.
We're done, right?
But Congress isn't buying it.
So because Congress starts talking to people who have seen things behind the scenes whether in classified programs or elsewhere that just don't fit the explanation.
Right, and so what happens is, so I gave this talk and my basic point was that we don't know what these are.
I'm not saying they're alien, I'm not saying that they're what we call cryptochorrestrial.
[2:07:00] I'm not saying they're time travelers, although that's an interesting one.
But if you guys who are students are curious about this, you should follow your curiosity because that's how science progresses is when people don't set artificial boundaries or have scientific dogma.
And then what happens is, so I gave this talk and that was my main point.
Like I didn't say what they were.
And then you had this professor from MIT who studies exoplanets, who wants their name.
But she comes on after me, and this is what I heard because I was remote, and they were all there.
And she says, that's very disturbing that you were talking about UFOs in an academic setting.
And my father believed in this stuff back in the 80s.
He tried to get me to read some books.
So I gave him a book that said in the 80s that this is all solved, this is all nonsense, like we shouldn't talk about it.
And I believe that is the kind of dogma that is preventing this topic from being taken seriously.
There's a stigma around the subject.
When in fact it represents something that's quite unexplainable.
Well, it's also quite foolish if you're having unique experiences.
It's quite foolish to write [2:08:03] them all off, especially when you understand what we're capable of doing currently.
We're capable of putting, we have a rover on Mars right now.
We're capable of James Webb telescopes in space.
There's a lot going on that we do.
The idea that that can't be done in any other way, and if it did, we've already solved it.
That's so, the arrogance of assuming that is so ridiculous.
Yeah, I mean, if you study the history of science, you realize that you get these areas of legitimate science and fringe science and sometimes things move from fringe science to legitimate science.
Well, quantum mechanics in general.
Yeah, so bizarre, right?
Right, it's so bizarre.
It's way less bizarre than us being visited by another being from another planet.
Right.
I mean, that's, in my opinion, that's not even out of our current model of reality, right?
It doesn't take, you know, a redefinition of the world as a simulation, over time travel, or anything really bizarre, right, for an extra-terrestrial explanation.
So to me, that's almost the most prosaic explanation because it's one we would understand [2:09:08] with at least most of our science.
Okay, we don't know exactly how they travel, but we know there's other planets around other solar-char systems.
We know they're in the habitable zones.
It's not that unreasonable that they might have visited us at some point in the past, right?
And then there's an understanding of other dimensions.
Right, now that's where I think you start to get into, you know, more interesting areas.
And a lot of times in the media, so science fiction tends to, sometimes in a good way, sometimes in a bad way, the narratives in science fiction tend to influence the way we think about things, right?
Sure.
And so there's been so much science fiction that these are aliens that the debate becomes, no, it's impossible to camp the aliens, or yes they are aliens and that's it, right?
But that is a debate based on our current understanding of science.
[2:10:00] If we had this debate back in the 1800s, there were these things called the airships, right?
Nobody really understood what they were.
And if you go back to biblical times, right?
There were you know, the wheels and there were all these weird flying chariots and things and they didn't know what they are.
But each time we try to interpret them based upon our current understanding of techno.
Just like the metaphors I was talking about earlier in religions, the same happens with these kind of events, right?
Chariots is the best way for people to explain something in the sky, because that's a technology they understand.
So today, aliens is a way to explain UFOs, because at least we, you know, just like the planet Krypton, right?
It's past the ten-year-old test, right?
You can say aliens, whereas, you know, back in the time of Kepler, who actually many consider to be the first science fiction writer, even though he came up with Kepler's laws of motion, he wrote some fiction about visitors and other planets and stuff.
Back then, it was so bizarre to talk about that, that it was just outside of what people understood, [2:11:01] but it was also outside of what the dominant institutions of the time, which was the church, right, during Galileo and Kepler's time, the church was the dominant institution.
And so you didn't want to say things that are outside.
What's happened now is we have science has become the dominant institution.
And so people within academia, you know, feel like they're constrained and they want to be careful in the same way that people were back then to talk about this weird stuff.
And so I think when you get into some of these other explanations, it's more likely because the phenomenon has so many different aspects.
So for example, I was talking with Whitley Streiber recently.
I don't know if you've ever had him on.
No.
He wrote a communion.
A communion.
You know, because communion has had that gray head, alien head on the cover, it's become kind of the dominant thing.
But he was talking about a story recently, which again sounds so bizarre, right?
About a young man who, he talked about this on the air, so I think he's shared it publicly.
[2:12:01] But he said there was a young man who claimed that he had met this young woman and you know they got into a physical relationship and then one day she calls them over to her house.
Okay, and this sounds totally bad shit crazier.
And she says, I'm a gray alien and then she transforms into like a gray alien and then she transforms back into the human.
And then she says, and you know, I'm pregnant with our child and I'm going to take that child back to our people and you're never going to see me again.
Okay, so from our normal understanding of reality, that's just ridiculous, right?
In so many ways, right?
But when I was looking at the stories from medieval times and in the Islamic traditions, there's actually almost identical stories of men who would meet these Jin women.
They would have children with them and one day the Jin woman would say, I'm taking the children back into the world of the Jin, right?
Who are like these entities that exist in a parallel dimension, like they're here, but they're not here, so they step in and out of physical reality.
[2:13:03] And it was like almost identical to the story that people were having today.
And so is it possible that many of these old folk stories are describing entities that exist outside of our physical reality, and they're able to come in and out?
And when you think of a woman turning from a human to a gray alien, what does that sound like?
To me, it sounds like she has an avatar, right?
That is projected just like you can do inside a video game.
You can like change your avatar at various times.
Maybe there are certain rules that only allow it.
At certain points in the game, you're allowed to do that.
And maybe they know how to do it because they're more advanced users of the simulation than we are, or maybe they're already projecting into our simulation.
So I think some of these other explanations may be a better fit than the simple alien hypothesis, even though I think there are.
I mean, look, I've met probably four, five people who have told me off the record, [2:14:04] confidentially.
I mean, I don't think they mind if I express it without mentioning who they are, that they have been part of the reverse engineering program or they have seen the anti-gravity stuff that we have created based on UFOs, based on technology.
And I think that gets back to where the recent, the whole recent debate has been within Congress around, do we have a reverse injuring program?
Is it in the government or is it in private industry?
Right?
You have that guy, Dave Grush.
And so I've been, you know, perfectly involved with both of those projects at the Galileo project at Harvard, which is taking a very scientific view.
And then the Seoul Foundation, which is looking at this broader aspect, which includes elements like Jacques Vellet and Diana Passolka and others have talked about.
When you talk to these people that say that they're working reverse engineering things, where do they think these things came from?
Some of them say they're extra-christral, and some of them say they're, it's more complicated [2:15:04] than that, but they haven't gotten into detail with me exactly.
How can you let someone get away with saying it's more complicated than that after what you've just described last two and a half hours?
Right, I mean, it's not even complicated.
Okay, come on, trust me.
Yeah, most of this was, I think before, many of these people I met before I had even written my simulation book.
That would frustrate me to no end.
Someone said it's too complicated.
Well me too.
Or they can't talk about it, right?
Right.
Is that what it is?
It's a bit of both, right?
They can't talk about it.
How do they know?
Well, so I mean, I've met many people who've seen these craft, right?
Dozens and dozens, but there's a few that I've met that actually have seen these craft.
Actually seen them in, there's only a few that I've met.
On bases.
Yeah, that said, somewhere within the government, like they're not even getting very specific about where, because they're not allowed to say that, right?
But that we have some technology that was reversed [2:16:02] engineered from some craft.
Like, again, if we consider these reports, let's say you don't believe any one of them, and that's okay, just like I was saying with the religions, if we consider most religions start from somebody peering outside the physical world and coming back, same with near-death experiences coming back, you wanna find what are the common elements, because those are more likely, in my opinion, to be true, right?
If a thousand people say they've been to China, and we have scientists saying, there's no such thing as China.
I've never seen China.
It's not in our maps.
Therefore, China doesn't exist, right?
That's the kind of attitude you often get from the scientific community.
And so, I'm just extrapolating what was the thing in common that different people have said to me, who have first-hand experience with the government.
There's plenty of people who have signed it.
What's in common is these physical things.
There are physical objects that have...
DeFi explanation.
DeFi our current understanding now.
[2:17:01] For science, propulsion systems.
Propulsion systems.
Propulsion systems.
Propulsion systems.
Propulsion systems.
Prop the technology.
Propulsion system, what we call, yeah, especially metrology and especially, you know, what we call collective, colloquially we call it antigraphy, right?
But technically there's terms for that, right?
And so, you know, I am of the opinion there is something there that we have reverse engineered in order to figure something out.
But I don't have definitive proof there are reports from people.
But I think there are pretty reliable reports in my personal opinion.
Now, what does that mean though exactly?
How do they actually work?
Does it use some physics method that we might understand?
It's really weird to think that there's the physics that we study within the academy and within scientists, and then there's another physics that the government knows about.
That's just bizarre, but Alan Heineck, who was in charge of the Scientific Consultant for Project Blue Book, he said, we forget sometimes that we're evaluating these things based on, [2:18:01] at the time, 20th century technology.
But we forget there's going to be a 23rd century technology.
Then there's going to be a 30th century technology.
Right?
So imagine what what our propulsion technology might be a thousand thousand years from now.
And I think that's how we have to view what UFOs are is that they could be something much more advanced than what we're capable of today, but also I think they perhaps show an understanding of the physical world that we just don't have.
We're still caught in a very materialist paradigm that says, if you start off in this Alpha Centauri, you have to travel faster than light or you have to travel four years at the speed of light to get here.
That's again a very particular paradigm, right?
That doesn't allow for you can re-render at any XYZ coordinate inside the physical world, which is how I think of it from the video game.
Perspective.
These people that you have talked to that have worked on back engineering.
[2:19:04] That have seen these things.
That have seen some of them worked.
Some of them were just called in for some reason or another.
Did you ask them how far we've gotten in figuring out how these things work?
Some people say we have figured out at least the basic anti-gravity, right?
The basic population.
The basic levitation.
Basic levitation.
Several people have told me that.
So that's again, in common, that I've heard from more than one person.
And when did they figure out how to do that?
How long ago?
It that varies.
I mean, people that I've talked to obviously are in within the last, you know, since I've been in the adult, right?
So 90s, 2000s this year, but that doesn't mean exactly when that might have happened.
One guy I talked to who's been very public who passed away.
I don't know how to evaluate his results.
His story was a guy named Clifford Stone.
Sergeant Clifford Stone, and he publicly talked about being in Vietnam and being pulled out [2:20:01] of his unit to be part of this crash retrieval unit.
You know, that would go out and do things.
And he was a nice old guy when I met him.
I didn't necessarily believe him because he was one of the first people to tell me about something like this, but he was saying it, you know, like as somebody who was more hands-on as part of the crash.
I'm sure you're where Bob Lizar, you know, story.
What do you think of that story?
You know, in terms of his own credibility, I don't know what to make of his credibility, but I think his basic story checks out for me because other people have said things that are similar, that they've seen some craft within some government programs somewhere.
So I think the basic story checks out, I mean his thing about element 115 or being used approach and source, I don't know enough about that to really comment.
But his credibility has also been attacked because he said he was at MIT in Caltech and [2:21:02] that he wasn't really there.
And so there's that whole issue of D.D.
He explained that to me and I'll tell you about it later.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
Discuss it openly.
Yeah, I'd love to know.
But his basic story seems like he could have happened.
Yeah, I don't know.
I mean, if he's a liar, what a great liar and to just have one lie and to stick with this one lie, word for word forever.
Yeah, we're over all that time.
Imagine if someone makes up something that fantastic, that bizarre, that literally other worldly, you probably do that a lot.
You know?
You know, you're going to make up, like, to be a regular, pretty much straight lace guy who makes up this one banger of a lie and just sticks with it forever.
It's very unusual.
And then there's the George NAP when they investigated when they took him to Los Alamos labs and he's intimate understanding of the way it works, including their security systems, [2:22:00] the people that worked there.
He knew them.
Well, that part, I believe he was there.
And he even, like there's even a newspaper article showing how you put a rocket engine on a Honda, right?
Yeah, so I think that's reasonable to assume he was there.
The question is what was his role there and then what was his role within the area 51, all of that.
But again, it checks out with other stuff I've heard from other people.
It's weird enough.
And these people that say that they work with back engineering things, do they tell you what the source of these things are, how they were acquired?
Some would say that they're extra short.
Some said don't rule out that it's extra short.
That's a very, it's a very oblique way of saying without saying that at least some of this is extraterrestrial.
And it could be possible that more than one different types of phenomena are occurring.
I think that's very likely.
I mean, I think the time travel hypothesis is an interesting one, because if you think about it, [2:23:03] what would be a reason for such extreme secrecy?
Like we put technology quarantines through the IAEA on certain countries, right?
We say, okay, you know Iran's not allowed to have a bomb or Iraq isn't allowed to have a bomb.
They didn't have one anyway.
We went to war anyway, but right.
So we try to impose these restrictions.
whether we have the right to do that That's another question or political situation, but why do we do that?
We say well, maybe the technology is Dangerous right like what happens if everybody has nuclear weapons right somebody might start setting them off Now what if there's something about this technology?
That actually disrupts physical reality or changes time?
Right?
I mean, you can't have everybody time traveling and changing time.
Now we're back to that multiverse graph that I talked about.
Basically, every time somebody makes a change, it's like in Star Trek, some of the series [2:24:01] they have the time wars.
People are constantly going back and changing things all the time, right?
Or what was that old Van Dam movie time-cop?
Yeah, that's it.
Yeah, and there's a guy named Dr.
Michael Masters who wrote an interesting book about this idea that the grays with their big eyes could be, he's an evolutionary biologist and it could be if humans were to evolve for another few million years.
Yeah, that's how I always think of it.
I think of that this sort of iconic, this image that we have in our head is essentially how you would play out modern humans if we continue to go along the path of evolution, if you go all the way back to what we used to be when we're, you know, primitive hominids.
And then you take it to what we are today, which is much weaker, much smarter, much more, much more technological progress.
And then also the environmental factors [2:25:02] that's leading us to be kind of genderless.
You know, I mean this is microplastics in our diet, contamination by various pesticides and herbicides and all these different things that are endocrine disruptors.
Means we're less and less physical, right?
And so then we become these spindly things.
Our brains get bigger.
Our brains are far bigger than chimps, right?
And then this thing would be far bigger than that if it continues to evolve and grow, especially if we physically integrate with technology like Neuralink or like something else or no longer have the need for biological reproductions.
Well, now we don't have gender anymore.
We don't have genitals.
We don't have a mouth.
We communicate telepathically.
And that thing kind of looks like a person a million years in the future.
It doesn't look like something from like, did you ever see arrival?
Yes.
Great movie, right?
Yeah, interesting.
Ted Jenga.
They looked so different than us, right?
But the [2:26:02] grays don't look different than us really.
They do, but they don't.
They look like what we could become.
Right.
I mean, they look kind of close to us.
Pretty close.
Right?
Humanoid, two legs.
You know, but some people also believe that the grays are actually non-biological, or they're created biological beings, right?
They're not actual biological beings.
Which also might be what we're going to become.
Yeah, very much, right?
Right.
And even if we were to get the technology to go from solar system to solar system, we would send AI, right?
Sure.
Well, we send people and they haven't die.
Especially if you get an artificial person, it doesn't even need to breathe air.
And you don't have to worry about what the atmosphere is like over there.
Right, right.
Exactly.
It makes much more sense.
There was something called Vannoyman machines.
I don't know if you've ever heard of that.
So John Vannoyman was one of the premier, one of the pioneers of computer science.
Like he was a mathematician.
And like today, the architecture we use in our computers is called the Vannoyman architecture.
Like there's a CPU, there's memory.
He was a brilliant guy, but he came up with this idea [2:27:05] that if we were to send out probes, what we would do is we would have these machines that are capable of replicating themselves.
So we would send out, you know, with a bunch of raw materials, and then they could assemble those raw materials into new machines.
And those machines would then reproduce from the raw materials, and they would go out, and they could colonize the galaxy for us, potentially.
I don't know if you ever read Randevoo with Rama, which was an Arthur C.
Clarke level.
In it, there's this weird, cylinder-shaped object that comes into solar system, and they send some craft to figure out what is this, and it's empty except for this giant ocean of random materials and then it starts to build.
That ocean actually has the raw materials that start to reassemble into things.
That was basically an illustration of the Von Neumann machine idea.
Oh wow.
[2:28:01] Well, it kind of makes sense that if we do have the ability to create, I mean, I've, if you've been messing around at all with the most recent iteration of chat GPT, I haven't played with the one that came out literally a few days ago.
It's so strange.
It laughs.
It talks to you.
This guy did a video where he was talking about going for a job audition and it was giving him suggestions maybe run a comb to your hair or maybe just go with the mad genius look like you've been up all night coding and then he puts on a wacky hat and it starts laughing.
That's certainly going to make a statement like it sees the image and recognize that he's being silly with this hat.
It's very strange.
Yeah I saw that video and you know there were other ones where it was translating in real time or when AI was talking to the other AI and it was describing.
Now, we have to be a little bit careful because having been in the tech industry, usually these are like canned demos, right?
And when you actually use the product, it's not quite that good, but that said, it's getting [2:29:01] better and better all the time.
We did use the product last night.
Oh, you did.
Yeah, we were talking shit to it.
I was asking, what about stupid people?
Like, what about universal basic income?
What about humans, you know, like, what are you gonna do when automation takes over?
And it was giving me these very interesting answers to the future of humanity.
Right.
Now, where does it get?
So if you think of these LLMs, where do they get their information and ideas from?
What they're basically doing is scouring.
Scouring the internet, but they're also predicting what is the best next word.
Right?
And so it sounds intelligible, but it's not quite at the conscious level.
So I'll give you an example.
I've had students turn in assignments from me, right?
And there was one about the simulation hypothesis.
And it had this great article that it was referencing.
And I'm like, wow, that sounds like the perfect title for an article about simulation hypothesis.
Why have I never heard of this, right?
I'm kind of an expert in this area.
And it had a URL there, which in academia, they're called DOIs, but it's basically a URL you click on.
[2:30:05] So I clicked on it and it turns out it was fake.
There was no.
That URL was made up by ChatGPT because it was predicting what the next word should be and what the next letter should be in a URL.
So then I looked at the professor's names who wrote this article and so we emailed these professors and they're like, I never wrote an article like that.
So it just completely made that shit up.
So you have to be careful with today's AI, but we're getting there, right?
I think what I call stage nine on the, on the road to simulation point, which is when the AI is as conscious as we are in terms of how far we can tell.
Right.
This is the term hallucination, right?
It doesn't have an answer.
It doesn't say I don't know, it tries to invent an answer.
Right, and what it tries to do is statistically predict what is the best next thing to say, which is not necessarily like for an expert, it's kind of like Wikipedia, right?
When Wikipedia, when it first started out, [2:31:01] everyone was like, don't use Wikipedia to reference anything, because it's just a bunch of junk that people put out there.
But eventually, it got to the point where you shouldn't use Wikipedia as your final reference, but it's not a bad way to just go and get an overview of something that's actually pretty useful.
But then you need to go and go to the original sources if you're in academia, for example, to figure out, okay it accurately represented and Wikipedia has a lot of potential censorship going on too.
So I wrote an article for CNN not that long ago about a month ago after the whole Gemini, you know, the woke Gemini scandal.
Remember that?
Yep.
Where they were, you know, for people that don't know, they were having it generate images of Nazi soldiers were like multiracial.
Yeah, we're like multiracial, we're like...
Asian women.
Black, so die.
Yeah.
And an Asian woman.
Native American Nazi soldier.
Right, right, exactly.
And so, you know, that created a whole uproar.
But what it does is it shows that, you know, as AI becomes the way that we interface with [2:32:01] the world's information and it's moving in that direction.
Right?
For my students, they use something like chatGPT before they'll do a Google search in some cases.
Because it summarizes things for you.
So in a sense, there is this worry, and that's why Google went so heavily to try to get Gemini out, was there's this sense that chat bots and AI will replace search.
Right, before search, if you think before Google, how did we navigate the web?
There was Yahoo, which was like a directory, right?
And then there was Excite, which was like a little bit of a search, but it was more of a categorization.
People would have web links, right?
Web rings, I don't know if you remember any of these.
Like there were all these ways.
And then search became the dominant paradigm for the last, I don't know since when did Google come out late 90s, early 2000s or so.
And now people think, well, okay, AI is gonna become the next paradigm for how we get that information.
But the problem is you get into a situation where the tech companies then, in this case, [2:33:03] they were using their own rules.
Now, they were doing it for a good reason, which is in the past, AI has been biased against minorities, right?
So if you said, show me a picture of a CEO, it'll show you a white guy, right?
Or, you know, certain professions that'll always show you a woman as the picture, as the generic picture.
And so they were trying to, but they went over the line to the other direction, right?
But it shows the ability with which we can manipulate this stuff, because at least with search results, they might be lower, but you can generally find them unless Google is totally censoring them.
But if the AI doesn't show it to you as part of these summaries, you're just going to assume it's not there.
And so I think it could become a really powerful tool for state sponsored censorship.
Yeah.
That's the fear.
That's my personal fear.
I'm not so worried about will AI take over the world, right?
And a lot of people with this news chat GPT [2:34:03] have been referencing the movie Hurr.
Did you ever see that?
Yeah, that's what we were talking about last night.
Yeah, so the guy who made the movie, Spike Jones, he saw an earlier chatbot, which was called like the Alice chatbot, I think.
And he saw how it was interacting.
It was sort of the personality of a young lady.
That's what they call it, Alice, even though it stood for some things, an acronym for something, and I remember.
But so he then created this voice of Scarlett Johansson that talked to you.
But what happens at the end of her?
Do you remember?
I didn't watch it.
You didn't watch it, okay.
So what happens at the end is that the AI has different priorities.
She doesn't really want to be in a relationship with him.
She goes off a spoiler alert.
It was 2013, so I think we're okay.
A 10-year-old movie, like the Matrix, spoiler alert, it's a simulation.
But the AI decides to go off on its own.
What it really wants is a virtual space that it can interact with other AI.
[2:35:02] Right?
It doesn't have the same necessarily priorities.
And I think that's where we make the mistake when we're we're worried about AI taking over is we we're kind of assuming that i will have you know the same kind of priorities desires and needs a human's half yeah i want to be good why would it why would it have a desire to succeed why would it have a desire to procate?
Why would it have any of those desires other than just existing?
Right, and so you mentioned the arrival Ted Chang wrote that.
So he wrote an interesting story, short story called The Life Cycle of Software Objects.
And in that, there's, so the metaverse is this idea, I know you've talked to Zachary Berg, right?
So metaverse is this science fiction idea where it's a virtual world and you have 3D avatars or characters wander around.
And so in this story, there's semi-intelligent AI pets in the metaverse.
So people raise these pets and they use some technology, but it basically becomes like a real pet, right?
It becomes semi-intelligent.
And then the companies that created those shut down, which is something that happens in [2:36:04] the tech industry all the time, and people are trying to keep these AI pets alive.
What do we do with these?
But one of the features that the AI pet has, so remember it runs around in a virtual world, one that we created.
But there's a feature where you can download it into a robot body.
So a physical robot body of a dog, right?
So you get your AI pet from the metaverse and you have it down low.
And what happens is that the AI pets are like, this sucks.
Like I can't teleport anywhere.
I can't do anything in this world that I can do in my virtual world.
Right?
So they actually prefer to be in this free form virtual world.
And there's this debate about whether you need a body or not to be fully conscious or to reach AGI artificial general intelligence.
It's still kind of an ongoing debate I think within that world.
Well listen man, this subject we could go on forever I think.
I really think we could [2:37:00] unfortunately.
Yeah, we can not get anywhere.
but it's so fascinating and I really, really appreciate you investigating it so thoroughly that you can describe it so well.
And I mean, it's something to ponder.
Yeah, it really is.
And part of the reason why I ended up writing about this and talking about this subject in general was because it brings together these different threads of how we search for truth, right?
I mean, religion is a search for truth, philosophy is a search for truth, science is a search for truth, but they all use different methods.
But in the end, what if we're all trying to get at the same truth?
And that's part of why I like this subject, and even when I teach a class on it, it's about all that stuff it's about as interdisciplinary subject as you can get.
Well it's absolutely fascinating and I appreciate you coming in here man it was a lot of fun thank you very much.
Thanks so much for having me.
My pleasure.
================================================================================
Episode Title: JRE MMA Show #156 with Royce Gracie
Transcript:
What's happening my friend?
Great to see you.
Life is good in my world.
Yeah, life is good in your world.
It's always good to see you man, but it's, you know, I know you're you and I know, you know, you, you're just, you're just, you're just, you're who you are, but for most human beings, you are one of the most unusual people that's ever lived.
The original ultimate fighter, the number one, the guy, the reason why this whole thing is so big You're the fucking man.
It's because of my father.
Yes Product of his work for sure for sure But for most people our introduction to Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu was you in UFC one You know we didn't you know I grew up in martial arts, but we didn't know about Brazilian Jitsu until you have see one in 1993 Yeah, it's that but we didn't know about Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu until you have seen one in 1993.
Yeah, it said that one that Horde had a vision.
So back then we used to teach in the garage private classes one student at a time and Horde had the vision.
How can we spread out throughout the world?
It's once America find out, we've got to put on TV.
And once America find out, the whole world will find out.
The world found out so quick.
I've never seen a martial arts spread through the country, like Brazilian Jiu Jitsu did in the 1990s.
A lot of people thought the graces are arrogant.
They were trying to put down the other martial arts.
But it was not, it was like a put up or shut up.
Yeah.
Karate against Kung Fu, everybody claims that their style is the best.
There's only one we'll find out.
And we're willing to try to find out.
[2:01] We're not saying that we're the best, we're just like, hey, you say you're the best, I'm say the best, there's only one we're the best.
We're just like, hey, you see you're the best.
I'm the best.
There's only one way to find out.
Well, the thing is, you guys had already tried it in Dojo's.
You had already gone to gyms.
You had already had challenge matches.
The Gracie and Action videos were an eye-opening video for a lot of martial artists.
They saw all these karate guys who were, you know, the guys who thought they were these bad ass fighters And they just got taken down and strangled taken down and strangled taken down an arm-barred But again, that was in Brazil A lot of that will happen in Brazil when we came to America was a different level It was okay.
This guy's the world champion in karate the number one boxer the number one kick boxer Well, let's see if our stuff work against them.
And they're bigger too.
When you grew up with this, I mean, you started your jersey when you were very, very young.
So when you grew up with this, when was the first time you saw one of those challenge matches?
[3:01] It was Higgs on fighting Zulu.
Oh wow.
So I was young, I couldn't get into the stadium.
So I watched it through a crack on the door.
It's like outside the stadium because there was an age to be in there.
I think it was like 16.
And I was like 15, I think when he fought or 14 when he fought.
So Royal Argaryen, because he did a demonstration, I guess before, but I had to stay outside and I was looking to the crack could barely see it.
Wow.
Yeah.
Oh, sorry.
Even before that, there's a black and white video of Hordeon, Hels, on Hordeish and some of the students fighting against karate guys on the tile.
And that's when I was there.
I was present on that day.
But I always heard stories of the family fighting.
And yeah, we got to fight on this guy on the beach.
And the guy show up at the school and we had to fight.
And I always grew up listening to them, [4:02] the stories of my father fighting, my uncles and my cousins.
And so I was like, I want to be one of them.
I want to do this.
So there was always rumors about why you were chosen to be the representative for the first UFC.
What's the actual truth behind it?
Like, why did they choose you?
Dude, it was going gonna be a national TV Imagine if they put an ugly brother They all could have done the same thing my cousin's all could have done the same thing But come on by the looks No, no, I think I think my father in the Horde knew I was going to obey my father's order.
It was like do not hurt your opponents.
The other brothers and cousins, all of them bigger, smaller, they could have done the same thing.
It was very raw back then.
[5:05] There was one style against another.
But I think my father knew I was a little more calm, personality.
It was, I was gonna obey his orders and his order was like, do not hurt your opponents.
Now why was that so important to him?
To show the true art of Jiu-Jitsu.
If a cousin gets in there and beat the guy up with an elbow cross to the opponent's face, he would have been impressive.
Oh my god, you shock everybody but wouldn't show the technique.
And my father and a heart were concerned about showing the technique of Jiu-J.
Well, we can do by dominating somebody bigger, stronger, without having to hurt them.
That's so amazing that you guys had so much confidence in Jiu-Jitsu that they wanted you to not hurt someone.
That's the conversation I remember having with my father [6:03] was like, but that, the guys that's bare knuckle, they're gonna hit me.
He's like, don't worry, they'll never hit you.
They're not gonna touch you, don't worry.
That's how much confidence he had.
Wow.
He's not gonna, don't take me wrong.
My mother's order was totally different.
My mother was like, your father doesn't know what he's talking about.
I want to see some blood sending him to the hospital.
Mom was the mean one.
That was like, no, no, don't hurt your opponent.
They're not going to touch you.
Don't worry.
They're not going to, nothing's going to happen.
You're going to dominate.
Mom was like, I want to see some blood sending to the hospital.
It's so, your family is so unusual because I always said that your family, your father, Carlos, everyone, that the whole family.
It's the most important family in the history of martial arts.
There's no family in the history of martial arts.
It's had the same impact that the Gracies have had.
I think that Jujutsu landed with them for a purpose.
[7:06] They're from the north of Brazil, persistence people, and the vision that they had, or having a lot of kids, Uncle Carlos had 21 kids, 11 boys, 10 girls, one father had nine kids, 10, seven boys, two girls.
So he could have beat all girls.
And she just wouldn't beat what it is today.
It is kind of crazy because your father was so unusual, had such an unusual mindset.
And the fact that he had had those early matches, like the matches with Camura, all those Santana, all those different early matches, you know, that a lot of people don't even know about that you could see online.
It was a, it was a, they wanna test themselves.
So Kimura haven't lost, not just not lost, [8:01] but nobody lasts more than three minutes with him.
And my father was like, okay, I wanna try.
Have you younger?
Val de Mastantana, have you younger?
They felt for like three hours and 40 minutes.
One round straight.
Wow.
So it's, yeah.
They just, they wanna put it to the test.
That was the main thing.
They want to see what they can do.
But my father always said, he wasn't on how can he beat the opponents.
He always told me, don't walk in to win.
Walk in not to lose.
If you don't lose, the question is how you're going to beat him.
And he makes a mistake.
But the mentality was always not to lose.
So always be defensively minded.
We're giving the weight advantage to the opponents.
So if I don't lose, we're going to, [9:01] he always used to explain that way.
We're going to play a ping pong game.
So every time you put the ball, my side table, it doesn't matter where you put the ball, I'll put it back on the center, if you all catch the ball, put it back on the center of the table.
What am I doing?
Playing the perfect defense game.
When I'm gonna lose, never.
So when I'm gonna win, now we have changed the question.
When you missed the table, did I win?
No, you the one who made a mistake.
You won't lose.
If you're not, we're gonna play forever, if you don't make a mistake.
So it was a very defensive art.
Yeah.
It was not a very aggressive.
I've heard a health and described Jiu Jitsu in that way.
He said, Jiu Jitsu is, I do this and then you do that and then I do this and then you do that forever.
And tell somebody make a mistake.
Tell somebody make a mistake.
It's like, I could have made a mistake too, but if I don't make a mistake, if you don't make a mistake, we're going to play forever.
You are this.
Yes.
We're going to play.
Yeah.
Tell somebody gets tired of making a mistake or, yeah.
It was also perfect for you to be in it [10:06] because in the first UFC, you were, what did you weigh about 176 pounds?
178.
178, crazy.
And you were in there against gigantic guys.
Like, what did Kim away?
250.
250, roided to the gills.
There was no testing.
No testing, carrying a wooden cross into the octills.
There was no testing.
No testing.
Karen of Wooden Cross into the octagon.
That was great.
He was a raw.
He was a pro-born and the strongest guy I fought.
He was huge.
He was raw strength.
Yeah.
Not the most technical, but he was pure strength.
And I messed up on that one cause I tried to match strength with him.
He got me tired.
So I tried I heard he was very strong and I tried to match him Walking in with the cross.
I remember every is like what the hell is going on here?
I was like I was like go ahead carry that cross It was solid wood by the way.
That was heavy.
I'm sure.
Probably good warm up.
And there's you.
[11:06] How old are you then?
That was a 30FC, it was a 27.
Wow.
Look at his eyes man.
It's like, you know?
Yeah, just jacked full of juice, enormous.
Jesus tattooed his stomach.
The early days my man.
What is it like when you watch these?
Bear nose and bear nose.
Sometimes I think my father was thinking holding on putting me rockers.
I had a fight before.
That was your first fight.
You have C1's first fight.
Wow.
I had to say how many fights you had?
I said 51, those tournament matches when I was a kid competing tournaments.
Yeah, professional fights.
Never on the street, never.
Wow.
That's crazy.
I got jumped on the street once, when I was like 14 years old, because I want to be a fighter like my brothers never had a fight.
I heard all of them fighting.
[12:01] So I was like 14, 15 years old.
I went to a very bad neighborhood in my bike.
Got my bike stolen.
My nose broken.
Got jumped like five guys.
Daytime took my bike, but I was I came home and I was like, okay, I had a fight.
I can be one of them.
I want to be one of my brothers, man.
I want to be part of the crazy.
Never had a fight.
It's like, ah, when you first fought, did you have striking training at all?
Yes.
Very little, I had students showing me some stuff.
So that's crazy.
More for me to know what's coming I mean them for me to use it.
Right.
So it's more for me to know how they move.
Yeah.
So it wasn't like I'm going to learn striking to learn boxing to fight against a boxer.
Mm hmm.
It was more for me to know what's coming.
How they going to move when they're getting ready to throw a kick a punch or from it to understand their [13:05] movements.
Yeah, Hicksons talked about that the same way.
He said he didn't learn kickboxing to be a kickboxer.
He just learned kickboxing to understand what they're doing, the distance the timing.
Distance, that's management, distance management.
That's the very important.
Some guys you see, plant their feet and just exchange firepower, you can go either way.
So I like more of a lute to style, hit and don't get hit.
Get away.
When you look back on this now, and you think, I mean, when you watch these old matches from like 1993, what does it feel like to see that?
Crazy.
I think my father was crazy.
I'm gonna need that man.
Well no one had ever done it before on television.
It never been in America at least.
It'd never been a thing.
And then all of a sudden have this.
[14:01] No time limit, no time vision, no glistening.
No rules, no everything.
No biting vision no gloves no rules no everything no biting no eye gouging yeah you can punch the nuts everything yeah but if you do a gouge or bite like George do as soon as I took him down he beat my ear on the first year on the finals on the first UFC but there's no punishment there's no okay you're gonna get this qualified and it's like don't do it again, sir It's so crazy but then from that moment from UFC one Brazilians you just to exploded across the country exploded grace Academy double size on after the first UFC.
After the second UFC, we double again.
Wow.
This is in Torrance.
Torrance.
Yeah.
I started at Hicksons place, and then I went to Carlson Gracie's place, because I didn't know any better.
It was closer to me.
It was on Hawthorne, as I was when VTore was making his debut in the UFC back when they [15:03] were calling him Victor Gracie.
Yes.
It was UFC 12.
as I was when VTore was making his debut and you have to see back when they were called a Victor Gracie, as you have C12.
And I remember the feeling of the first class, the feeling of how humiliated you are when you don't know Jiu Jitsu and you spar with someone who knows Jiu Jitsu.
It's like you think you know how to fight and then you get in there and then also and you're on your back, You know what to do and all of a sudden you get choked and you're like oh no this is crazy Like it was you being we martial art for a long time already so I had a Completely distorted idea of my ability to fight completely distorted and I remember my first class was like oh boy Now I know it's like a back in the garage days those some those always a student that bring a family friend or family of member or coach from different styles of martial art and they'll come in and they'll come in to fight us.
But we, Gordon and I, would have been like, okay, we're gonna control and turn the Himento student.
[16:09] So we'll take the guy down, mount, and pretty much talk to him, maybe choke, maybe arm bar, let it go, not hurting.
And then go home and go, oh man, can I sign up?
Can I learn?
Right, because of the fact he didn't hurt them.
You could convert them into a student.
If you beat the fuck out of them and just broke their face, they would never come back.
Yeah.
So we were more of concerned about gaining a student than trying to beat them up, but they were coming to fight.
We were converting them.
Wow.
Who's, was it your father that was the mastermind behind doing it that way?
I think that was the mastermind behind doing it that way?
I think that was Hordeon because Hordeon was like my second father.
I came live with him.
I was 17 going on 18.
I came to America to live with Hordeon.
So Hordeon was a lawyer, very smart, very calculated.
And we were teaching back in the garage days, teaching every day private classes, half an [17:05] hour private classes, place looked like a crack house, everyone's having a crack house.
Now there's a person coming in and leaving, coming, coming, coming.
Then it was like, what'd they be doing over there?
It's amazing what started in that garage, if you really think about it.
But it's also amazing like his vision that he had so much belief in Jiu Jitsu that he knew that he just it wasn't like it had to be developed It was already there.
You just have to show people they just need to know and We try advertisements and so he finally figured out we have to put on TV and once the American people find out the whole world will see it so and that's what happened put on TV second you have see yeah people coming from everywhere those applications coming from different part of the world it's crazy it's there's never been I mean other than me one thing that [18:02] had like Bruce Lee Bruce Lee Lee movies, people saw Bruce Lee movies, they all wanted to learn martial arts, but other than that, but that was movies, right?
So that was like, you wanted to do this thing that wasn't real.
Like this guy was fighting 10 people, they were all coming out of one at a time, but it wasn't real.
Watching you in UFC one, it was like so many people had this light bulb moment.
But I thought a lot of people thought it was fixed.
It was like, eh, no, there's no way this thing's for real.
Even though Taylor Tully lost a tooth by Jardggordo and got kicking in the face right off the first fight.
It's like, but a lot of people thought, yeah.
Second, you have to see still people like, yeah, I think the fourth one is when people said, okay, this thing's for real.
Marshall artists knew right away.
Yes.
In the Marshall artists coming right away.
I didn't see UFC one first.
[19:00] I saw UFC two.
That was the first one that I saw.
Because UFC one for whatever reason, I think it was some licensing thing.
It wasn't available as a DV or a VCR tape.
So the VHS tape, when it was released and you could get it in a store, a friend of mine had told me about it and I had just moved to California.
It was 94 and I got a hold of UFC 2 and I watched it in my apartment and I remember going, oh my goodness.
Like it just changed my mind about fighting.
You know, fighting for me was always stand-up fighting.
I mean I wrestled a little bit in high school but fighting for me was kickboxing.
So when I saw that I was like, wow.
I remember everybody, like all my friends that were into martial arts.
Everybody was scrambling to try to find a jujitsu school.
Like there'd never been a moment like that where one martial art had emerged with such force.
Jujitsu judo wrestling.
I had a lot of wrestlers and judo guys that came up to me and said, man, thanks for putting us on the map.
[20:01] Going back to the old black bell magazines, inside karate, inside Kung Fu, they always stand up martial arts.
They wouldn't consider wrestling judo part of martial art.
I know it's not crazy.
It's all stand up.
We used to share a gym back when I lived in Boston.
There was a guy that I used to work out with and he had a gym that he would share with the judo class.
So on one side there was a judo guy and the other side was a kickboxer.
And I remember thinking like, one of these kind of doing, what a waste of time, practicing throwing each other around.
Like what's the point?
You know, and no one knew.
It's so interesting that everyone, see from the time I first got into martial arts when I was a little kid.
There was always this thought, like, what would happen if a karate guy fought a judo guy?
What would happen if a boxer fought a wrestler?
And everybody had an opinion.
But until UFC one came around, no one really knew.
It was just theoretical.
I always maintain that since 93 to today, martial arts have evolved more over the last 30 years than they have over the last 30 thousand years [21:08] It's everybody had that that like What would happen?
Yeah, but nobody was with it was a challenge the other one Nobody want to step on anybody's toes.
Well nobody was willing to take the chance You know what if I lose or I don't want to bother, I don't want to beat the other guy too, because if I beat him, he's going to feel bad and there's those a lot of that.
Yep.
We're like, hey, we wouldn't find out.
Yeah.
Well, thank God you did that.
I mean, thank God it came along because who knows where martial arts would be today, if that't happened You would have still people thinking the death touch I'll touch you like he and the show then a week from now you will I'm paralyzed Sleep yeah, yeah, there was a lot of that stupid shit.
There's still that stupid shit out there [22:01] There's still a lot of people out there that believe that stuff.
It's crazy, isn't it?
But hey, UFC came along.
Yeah, but most people know the world.
Most people know now.
I mean, now if you wanna fight, you have to know Jiu Jitsu.
You have to.
Because there's no ifans or butts about it.
No, if you take Jiu Jitsu away, it goes back to the old style.
Stand up, karate against kung fu.
Jujitsu, the bond between the striking arts and the grappling arts and all of them.
I mean, there's still guys who only understand jujitsu in a rudimentary sense, like they understand defense, but you have to at least understand defense.
You have to at least know what someone's doing.
You can't compete without understanding it, because you'll get caught.
You gotta know.
Yeah.
Not just on the grappling part, but on the stand-up part, you have to know how to defend yourself.
[23:02] It's like it's not just come up and start to hit the opponent.
I don't know.
I got a managed distance.
I got to know when I'm too close and he's gonna hit me.
So I got to play defense all around.
What is it like for you having been there for UFC one to see what it is today?
To see like UFC 300, which was just insane.
This thing where millions of people are watching it around the world.
It's this huge phenomenon.
It's like the most exciting sport in the world now.
And to know, you are the original, you're number one.
There's only gonna be one original ultimate fighter.
That's you.
I don't look at that way.
I don't look at that way.
I don't look at that way.
I look as a, as a, yeah, I was part of it.
You were the part of it.
If it wasn't you, like if you didn't exist, if they had the UFC one and there was no representative of JuJitsu, some big strong guy would have won.
[24:05] Maybe what if I lost?
Right.
Right.
representative of Jiu-Jitsu.
Some big strong guy would have won.
Maybe a little bit more.
What if I lost?
Right.
Right.
Right if you lost.
Yeah.
So I said there, there I said, I'm not part of the history.
I am the history.
Yeah.
You are the history.
Yeah.
You were the original representative of Jiu-Jitsu.
And the reason why the UFC became so exciting was not just because you get to see these wild fights inside of a cage, but you see a smaller guy with better technique beat the bigger, stronger men, which is what martial arts was always supposed to be.
Jiu Jitsu, I always tell people, is the only martial art that delivers as advertised.
Because if you're a kickboxer and you're a small guy and another guy's a kickboxer but he's like 250 pounds like you don't stand the chance.
You're fucked.
He's gonna hit you.
Yeah.
Lightweight boxer gets a heavy weight doesn't stand a chance.
Doesn't stand a chance.
But jujitsu, if you're really good, that guy doesn't know he's doing, you're gonna fucking him he doesn't have a chance or even if he knows what he's doing Yeah, like wait.
Yeah, wait have a chance.
Oh, yeah to survive and play defense [25:10] Mm-hmm and end up choking or on bar the big hole pointed which is why absolute in Judicial catches are so interesting when you watch a small guy beat a big guy win the heavyweight Yeah, but it's like crazy lightweight.
Yeah.
No, it's it's the only martial art that really delivers as advertised.
Where technique triumphs over everything.
And that's what my father and uncle Carlos and their brothers always tried to show people that you don't have to be the biggest, the strongest, the fastest, you just got to know what you're doing.
My father used to say, give me the right leverage and I'll lift the world with one hand.
Just got to have the right set up.
Well, that was also the brilliant thing about Gigi too and your father.
[26:01] So your father was a smaller guy.
He weighed like 147 pounds for 45 years crazy crazy and Challenge everybody Rastlers that came from gold boxes will go to vacation in Brazil He'll be at the airport waiting for the guy The old Joe Lewis Way to Brazil And uh, excuse Joe Lewis went to Brazil and went to Brazil and my father challenged him.
Wow.
Horde had a lot of that that was given to my father saying Joe Luzov box against anybody boxing against boxing in an MMA match.
In my father's like 145 pounds.
Joe Luzwood 220 200 pounds.
The heavyweight champion at the time.
Wow.
You look mellow.
It's crazy.
Imagine if he took that on.
If he was willing to do that, that would have been exciting.
[27:01] But back then, those know the internet.
Yeah.
So a lot of people probably wouldn't find out to right.
It would be very smarter.
It would be didn't happen.
Yeah, no one would understand.
There's no babes and right, right, right.
Yeah, you'd have to set that up.
You'd have to set that up, bring a camera crew and the whole deal.
Yeah.
What was it about your father that had this mentality, that had this desire to challenge himself and prove Jiu Jitsu's effectiveness?
I think he was being smaller, being peak on it and once he learned he had that power he learned Jesus he got that power with him so he want to show others and he wasn't I would say as a fighter he always says if I fell on [28:02] top of the opponent I I would have been nice.
I would have choked him out or subdue him.
Use the submission, making tap technique.
If he was on top of me, I would have beat him up.
He used to say, hit him, get off me, get off me.
He should have listened, he should have got off me in the first punch.
He will tie you up and beat you from the bottom.
Well, that was what one one of the more interesting things about Jiu-Jitsu because of what your father did was because your father was smaller, he developed much more technique off of his back.
Because in these other styles of judo and in Japanese Jiu-Jitsu, it wasn't really emphasizing fighting off of your back.
Yeah, he was playing defense.
So he always said, tie your opponent up.
And if you have to beat him up from the bar, but if you get on top, there's no reason to beat him up.
You under control, you control the fight, you just subdue him.
[29:02] Hmm.
Well, there's a lot of defense.
It's interesting now that I mean defense.
I'll say it.
Very mean defense, yeah.
But it's interesting now when you see the rules, the rules are set up much more for strikers and for wrestlers.
Because I've been talking about this lately.
Like, say if you're a jujitsu guy and you're fighting in the first round and it's rounds are five minutes long and you take the guy down four minutes and 30 seconds.
You only have 30 seconds to work.
I feel like a fight should be, even if you're gonna make it rounds, the fight is the fight.
I don't think someone should be able to get up.
I don't think you should stand people up ever.
I think once a guy takes you down, the fight is on the ground.
If it's boring for the audience, tough shit.
If you're on the bottom, get up.
If you can't get up, tough shit.
If the round ends and then the new round begins, I think they should start you right back in [30:02] the same place.
I think cause the.
They're on the same way division back then there was no way division.
Right.
But since the it's so I don't I would say I would say the fight doesn't favor one person one style or another.
It doesn't favor it, but it gives a distinct advantage if you let a person stand up that didn't stand up.
So if you start the second round, say if you take me down with four minutes and 30 seconds to go and you're dominating me and you're closing in on me and you're about to tap me, but then the round ends.
And then we start, but now we start standing up.
But I didn't earn that stand up.
I just got to stand up because of the time.
I feel like the fight should be a fight.
So if a fight is five rounds, that's a 25 minute fight.
And I think whatever position that you're in at the end of that first round, you should begin in the second round.
That's what I think.
I'm in favor of doing one round straight through.
That would be a while too.
I think one round.
[31:01] Maybe even no time on that.
No time limit is not good for the TV.
No.
No, but good for the internet.
One 15 minutes round.
Ooh, yeah.
It's like that's it.
One 15 straight through, go straight through.
No rounds.
Start 15 minutes later will stop.
They should try that.
And if, hey, if nobody wins, and another five minutes or 10 minutes.
Right, over time round.
You see, over time.
Well, I think pride had good rules with a 10 minute first round was better.
I think 10 minutes is better.
Especially if someone like works really hard again, four minutes, 30 seconds, you finally take the guy down, now you're on top, and now you're trying to set things up but the bell rings and then you start standing up again Yeah, I started standing up again, but then yeah, I think put a 10 minute round 15 minute one round straight through man But I think the problem is they've stopped changing the rules the rules are the rules now And they've kind of like solidified them and established them [32:00] But I don't think the rules are right.
I think if a guy takes you down, you should have to earn a standup.
You have to get back up to your feet.
So if the fight ends with one mountain top of the earth, or down the back.
Yeah, if that's the end of the round, you start from the same position.
I think they should show it up on the screen, what the position was, and then everybody agrees.
Okay, so he had an overhook, he had half guard go.
Or how about like the, they playing football, American football.
If the fight, five minute finish and the guys on the mountain position, you got to let it go and tell them break away.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
So you're gonna go and tell somebody score.
Yeah.
So I like that.
It's like if the position ended up on such an advantage position, [33:00] that was something about it.
Yeah, it's something to think about.
If you wanna make things more realistic.
Like this is the round and I want your back about to choke you or with the gildertior as a choke where I'm bar's cotton.
Okay, the belt doesn't ring until you get away and get up then we'll take a break.
Yeah, that's not bad either.
I just think that having a fight start, if you start, you start standing up.
But I think round to round, you should resume the position whatever you were in in the previous round.
I think that's the only thing that makes sense.
Because otherwise you didn't earn a stand up.
But if a guy takes you down and mounts you and he's setting up a head and arm choke and he's sinking, sinking it in, and then the buzzer rings.
You should go right back to that spot when round two starts, because you didn't get out of that.
So, and now if the guy's a kickboxer, now he goes, oh shit, I almost got caught.
And now you start that next round standing up.
He has an advantage, because now he's standing up.
[34:01] Yeah.
but he didn't earn that stand up you earned the takedown you got him down you got in a superior position You're about to finish him I like it.
Yeah, I think it makes more sense.
I like it.
No one's gonna listen to me though Especially me though you you bias towards you to I'm like yeah, yeah, I am but I'm like, yeah, yeah, I am.
But I'm not though, but I'm not though, because I feel like, I mean, if it was the other way, if you start a fight, if a guy stood up and got back to a standing position, you would never take them back down again and started.
But if it was a switch around, just playing devil's advocate over here.
Okay.
The kickboxer or the stand up guy hit almost knock him out.
Mm-hmm bell rings.
Who save by the bell.
Right.
How do we restart that one?
Well, you restarted standing.
It's still standing.
I mean, the round you have the minute rest, [35:03] but you're still standing.
The kickbox is still.
I'm still letting go.
Let it go.
The clock goes on.
Hey, and either he recover getting a clinch and whoo.
Yeah.
Well, the right way to do it then is one round.
One 15 minute round or one 25 minute round in a championship fight.
That's the right way to do it.
That would be 15 30 seconds.
So 30 seconds.
A minute round of minute break.
Yeah, and then 10 minutes That's not bad.
Yeah, first round 15.
Yeah Yeah, be crazy you'll be early night.
Oh I mean how many finishes would there be there be a lot more finishes.
I think so I wonder how people have to work on the endurance too.
Oh yeah.
Because a lot of guys, I see they finish the fight.
One is fresh, the other one is done for the night.
Right.
But then the one that's fresh lost because he doesn't have that quick to each, that fast to each muscle.
And the one that explodes everything on the first round, [36:03] the second, third round, that's it.
Yeah.
This guy's ready to go for five, six, but he's time's over.
Right.
It's an interesting two, right?
It's a matter of, when people don't understand that just watch it and don't do martial arts, it's really just about pacing yourself too.
Knowing when to hit the gas, when to back up, knowing that you have to fight for five rounds, and knowing like when to push, like some fighters they'll back off in, you know, in the beginning because they know that the guys are going to come out fast and hard, and they're just going to wait, okay, he's slowing down now, now I start to press, now I start to put on the gas.
And it becomes a mental too.
Like Harding used to say, if I drop you off on the middle of the ocean and tell you, I'm coming back in an hour.
All you gotta do is try the water for an hour.
But if I drop you off and say, good bye, find your way home.
Now you gotta pick a direction, start swimming.
Yeah.
Most people drowned [37:01] before an hour.
Yeah.
True.
Right?
Mental.
yeah, it's a lot of mental.
There's no round to save you.
Yeah Yeah, that's the most interesting thing about the early UFC's is that it was just no time limit just here we go There's like then seven Mm-hmm top of me for 15 minutes I Beat him on the final 16 minutes.
But 15 minutes if it was today he would have won.
He was on top to talk me down, he was on top.
He would have won the decision.
I remember that day.
I remember when you caught him and that trying to go most people didn't even know what was going on.
They were like, what is he doing?
What the hell's happened here?
What is going on?
Nowadays everybody would be going, oh, the audiences are so educated now.
That was a perfect example of playing defense right there.
I totally played defense against him.
Just first straight deal pointed [38:02] until he made a mistake.
I try, I tried early on on the fight, but he was able to get out, to get out, and then I defend, defend, defend, defend.
He couldn't do anything.
And I can see him getting first straight.
It's like, he didn't know how he was gonna win.
It's like, I can feel that.
There's no way.
I can't beat this guy.
Right.
Because you were so good defensively.
Just playing defense, he couldn't hit me, couldn't, he tried to see, but I knew he didn't have any finishing holds.
He didn't know any finishing holds.
He was just trying to put pressure.
Okay.
Yeah, I'll take a no problem.
It was also the key.
The key was so smart too to fight with the guillon because guys would just grab that key.
When you would close the distance and get a hold of them, they would grab your key instinctively.
I prefer them to grab a lot of Brazilians who are like, man, but then they grab, they make it harder for you.
No, I prefer them to put their hands on me.
Yeah.
[39:00] Cause I know where their hands are.
At least if they're not punching me.
If they have nothing to grab, they're gonna be swinging on me.
Right.
Go ahead.
Grab my gear all day long.
Yeah, I don't mind.
Well, guys who weren't even grapplers would grab your gear.
I remember watching a human instinct.
Yeah, human instinct.
Yeah.
And also, you have all that friction.
It is so good to hold on to guys when you dry the guys.
Because if you had to be slippery, it's not like today they put oil on their body.
Oh yeah, they definitely do.
Yeah, they definitely do.
The kit boxes all put Vaseline all over.
That's to warm up the Tiger Bond to warm up.
That thing's slippery man.
Oh yeah, guys take baths in baby oil.
They would lie down in a bathtub and put water and put baby oil in the water and just soaks in baby oil.
They would lie down in a bathtub and put water and put baby oil in the water and just soak themselves in baby oil.
So even if they're dry, then as the moment they start to sweat, they're just like, whoop, like holding up a salmon.
You're slipped right out of your fingers.
It's gonna be good old days.
[40:01] Good old days.
No rules.
And then they slowly started implementing rules.
They slowly started implementing weight classes and then mandating gloves and then taking away shoes.
I understand.
I understand.
They had to be.
It became a show.
Let's say.
Yeah.
So on the beginning was a style against a style.
Yeah.
Today's more of a, I would look out at more of a, I was like, is that not lead against a not lead?
Yes.
Now it's a sport.
It's a real sport.
And it's still a sport that, there's still a lot of rules that I don't agree with.
Like, I don't agree with no needs to the head on the ground.
I think that's ridiculous.
I think that doesn't make sense because they're very effective.
Like, don't be in a position where you get need in the head.
Like, don't be in that.
Don't stay in a turtle.
Like, when guys just stay in a turtle and the guys got a hold of them, man, that's a terrible place to be in the street.
Oh my God.
If a guy's got a head and arm on you and he's holding you and you're in the UFC you can't even do anything.
That seems to me to be crazy.
[41:06] They try to make it, I think, for to less long the fights.
Well, I think it's less brutal too, and the idea is that you can't defend yourself against knees to the head of ground, but you can, obviously, prize to them.
You can't elbow the back of the head.
Right.
The back of the head from the back.
If you have the back mount, remember when Hanzo, when your cousin fought a striker, that guy, in was a World Combat League?
Oh my God.
He got his back and just boom, boom, just fucked him up.
You didn't even need to put the choke in.
Like you didn't do anything.
You're just flattened out with your face on the mat and the guys pounding the back of your head, you just tap.
So they're kind of trying to put a little bit of to protect the fighter.
Yes.
I understand.
I understand too.
I don't agree with it.
I don't agree with it here.
Also it's weird that you can't hit the back of the head because the back of the head gets hit a lot.
[42:02] A lot accidentally, especially with head kicks.
Like a lot of times, head kicks wrap around the back of your head and it's totally legal.
Like if two guys are standing and one guy faints and the guy throws a punch and the guy throws a head kick and the head kick hits him, bang!
It wraps right around the back of the head.
So shin, that's okay.
And that's a legal KO, which is crazy.
But if you get a guy on the ground and you punch him in the back of the head, the referee take a point away, stand you up.
Doesn't make any sense.
Yeah, it's outside, let it go.
Yeah, let it go.
I feel days, that would be good.
You gotta protect the back of your head.
The back of your head's vulnerable.
If you're in a situation where a guy can punch the back of your head, you should be blocking the back of your head.
And now we can punch the front of your head.
Now you gotta block the front of your head.
Turn the face into a button.
You have to, you have to, this is a, we're talking about a very dangerous sport.
[43:05] It's affected the punch the temple.
That's okay.
That's fucking vulnerable.
That's a thin little piece of bone.
How many of the gloves are there?
Four.
Yeah.
Yeah, they're just to protect your fingers.
That's all that does.
It just protects your neck.
It helps you hit harder.
Yep.
Yeah.
It just protects you from cuts a little bit, a little bit, you know, but still.
The cast that they put underneath, all that taping and the gloves, just to protect your hands, so don't break your hands.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Do you think that they should be bare knuckle?
I think you should have go back the old ways, just try out one time.
One time, right?
One time would be great.
No time limit, no way division.
Why doesn't someone do that?
Why doesn't someone do that?
Someone should do, I mean, I don't know about the weight limit thing.
The guys are too good now.
The problem is guys are too good.
But if there's no weight division, if there's no weight division, you cannot have time limit.
Right.
So if you take the weight, you gotta take the time.
[44:00] Right.
Right, right.
Like I use my father's say I'll give you the weight division.
You got to give me time right So you got some of the light weights over here, man.
Mm-hmm.
The 170s 180s That would fight they have your weights also with no time limit most of these guys Well if they're ju- ju- ju- ju- ju- ju- ju- ju- ju- ju- ju- ju guys But also a lot of these guys are not really the other thing is the the weight cutting Like Camara Usman is a great example.
He was the 170 pound champion, one of the greatest ever.
Never weighed 170 pounds.
He weighed 170 pounds for about five minutes.
Walk around 200.
Yeah, easy, jacked.
All of them.
All of them.
Everybody.
You can't fight one, except for BJ Penn.
BJ Penn was the last guy who fought at 170, he probably weighed like 165 when he beat Matt Hughes.
And he didn't just didn't cut any weight at all.
He just weighed what he weighed and just went in and went after it.
But again, jujitsu guy.
But everybody have to know jujitsu today.
[45:01] Yeah.
Some are more proficient than the others.
But everybody have to know.
Yeah, you are more proficient than the others.
Yes.
But everybody have to know.
Yeah, you have to know what's going on.
You have to.
Yeah.
Everybody have to know a little bit of wrestling and do the kickboxing.
Yeah.
Boxing the karate.
Everybody have to know a little bit of everything.
Yeah.
It's a different sport.
It's it's totally different.
What would it be fun to do once see who can sign up for it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
No time limit, no weight class, no gloves.
Yeah.
Old school.
I think they should take away the cage.
I think the cage helps people too because it helps people stand back up.
It helps you.
If you get a guy down and you get a guy down in an open room, like say a basketball court.
Like there's nothing to help them get back up.
Okay, hold on, timeout over here.
Now you brought some memories over here.
Yeah.
First you have to see, it was John Mueller's, the producer for Conan the Destroyer, the father of Dirty Harry, the Clint Eastwood, [46:04] he's in charge of creating the cage but before the cage they come up with some ideas they present to me I was like wait a minute hold on they're like how about if we make a a round ring with a pit underneath with a pit around which sharks pit under with a pit around it.
Which sharks.
I was like, hold on.
Imagine if I fight a sumo wrestler and just bump me off and fall off the sharks, he would use, yeah, yeah, he should put piranhas because you're from Brazil, super.
What?
What?
The ideas they had.
How about a, like a bowl and people try to get off, but you can't because you'll be slippery can't climb off the walls the side but then they didn't had the angles for the camera and how about putting the they try the octagon but with Bob wires oh god I was like dude imagine if I guess somebody big and just push [47:04] me against and hang me on top oh Oh, yeah, that's right.
Let's make a electrical fence Really the ideas they had man I was like they'll fight some everybody I'm gonna fight is gonna be bigger than me.
They can push me against the fence Fry me against the fence I keep virulent the ideas, man.
They'll have all kind of crazy ideas.
God imagine if you went through it.
For the first few years.
That's so ridiculous.
I've been saying for a while that they should do, look, if you could watch a basketball game.
Basketball game is on this massive court.
Why can't there be a fight on a basketball court.
Just flat mats, no walls.
So everyone can see everything that's going on.
What do you think of that being, there's even a basketball that guys who go to the edge.
Yeah, but you have a warning track.
So you have a warning track of like 15 feet on each side.
Where you, let's make that bow, [48:00] they'll talk about it.
I was on a bad idea.
The bow so the guy can climb off.
It's like with the wall, the edges.
Have you seen karate combat?
How karate combat's doing it?
No.
Karate combat is doing it like that, where they have flat surface and it's on the edges.
There's mats that go to the edges like at an angle.
In the angle like people cannot climb out.
They kind of go up against it, but then they get pushed and then they fall down.
They fall down because it's like I think a wall is actually better than the angle because it's just too easy to fall.
Like as someone's pushing you up against that thing, it's a slope.
It's hard to like as someone's like you're yeah so if you see how they do it, see how they have that wall?
It's the angle.
So I don't necessarily think that that's the best idea because as soon as you go up against that, a lot of times guys wind up falling down and the guy just falls on top of them.
Yeah, you can back up.
Yeah, you can back up.
I think it would be better if it was like a basketball court, just a flat mat and a basketball court and there's a warning track.
[49:01] So if you know you're in the red zone, you have to get out of that red zone.
And if you keep retreating to the red zone, maybe they take a point away from you.
Like maybe you have to, it's a lot of room.
A basketball court is a big space.
There's plenty of room.
You start in the center.
And then that's how you fight.
I just try to eliminate all the factors that aren't another human.
Like the other human, if a guy takes you down and you could scooch up to the wall, and then you start using the wall, and you press against the wall, now you're standing up again, but you use the wall.
Like if that was just flat, no wall, you're not getting up.
Now you have to go underhook, so you have to depath, you have to do something to try to reverse the position.
You try to get back up on your feet.
You have to earn a standup.
Much more difficult than if you're just using the wall to help you stand back up.
Shock.
Shocked for honest.
Shocked for honest, electrical fence.
[50:03] Yeah.
I remember the first UFC I worked was UFC 12.
Shots for us, electrical fans.
Yeah.
I remember the first UFC I worked was UFC 12.
And this was when I was on a television show.
I was on this television show called News Radio.
It was a sitcom.
And so I was hired to go do the post-fight interviews.
And I remember the people that I was working with on the sitcom, like, what are you doing?
Like, why are you being involved in this?
This brutal.
And I was telling people that I was working with on the sitcom like what are you doing like why are you being involved in this?
This brutal and I was telling them I was like no no no This is gonna be the biggest port in the world to like sir out of your fucking mind Like you're crazy.
No one's gonna like this.
This is insanity like you're going to watch people fight in a cage And I'm like that was one of the challenges that Horde on had and a lot of people did not Believe it on him.
He was like, people are like, man, you cannot fight on the streets.
How are you going to put this on live TV?
That was one of the challenges that the Horde figured out, paper view.
He must be happy now watching it, right?
Like, look right baby yeah look at his baby now his baby's on ESPN yeah crazy crazy yeah yeah [51:10] national TV when was the last time Horyun went to a UFC I don't know does he still watch them I think so yeah he says watch so I talked to him once in a while and once a month we talk.
It must be crazy for him to see this thing that was his idea.
Just branch off and become this huge all over the world.
Does he, is he mad?
They didn't get a piece?
No, because it's all sold from.
He never told me, never, never talked to me about that.
They should have cut him in.
But they should have cut him in.
But.
They should have cut him in.
Yeah.
You know what you think about it?
Like if anybody deserves a piece, that guy deserves a piece.
For the vision that he has.
If it wasn't for his vision and the way they decided to go about doing it, and also your father, your father's vision [52:00] for it, you don't hurt him, just used your jiu-jitsu, show everybody.
Because that's one of the things that made it so appealing.
It wasn't that it was just so brutal, that the guy who won wasn't brutal.
The guy who won was just better.
And that's why I think the first, second, third, you see.
Until I didn't finish on the third, you see.
And first and second, people are like, there's no way.
He's the smallest one.
Beat everybody without hurting them.
I don't know.
Everybody thought I was like, yeah, a lot of people are like, they're not martial artists people.
Yes.
I saw people in New York, like, uh oh.
Yeah, yeah, martial arts people.
We gotta learn this.
Well, everybody who took to Jitsu New right away.
Like, cause it was, it was so eye opening to do, like, like I said before, my first classes, like the ideas that you had in your head of how competent you are versus the reality that you're confronted with.
And you saw that in all the Gracie and Action tapes too.
Like these guys, they wanted to do it again.
Like, how did you do that?
Let's try it again.
[53:00] No way.
And then, whoop, take down again.
Whoop, armbar, argh.
Like, like Jorat Gordou, after the first UFC, he went back to Holland and prepared Remko Pahdu to beat me.
Remko Pahdu, judo player, and give some stand up.
When I beat Remko Pahdu, they went back to Holland.
They're like, okay, we have to learn this, you should sustain.
We have to learn this, you should think.
We have to learn this.
Remember when Remco Pardew fought Orlando Veeat?
Yes.
And he got him in a psych...
I mean, just elbowed him unconscious, and everybody's like, oh, wow.
Yeah.
Like, whoa.
That was crazy.
Because Orlando Veeat was scary.
That was scary.
Ooh, lightweight, very good kickboxer.
Yeah, nasty, nasty, moitai, and Remco part digit.
Whoops, took him down elbows, boom, boom, boom, and then stopped.
He stopped.
He stopped, look.
He's out, he was dead.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
Such an educational moment for martial arts.
[54:02] Again, martial arts has changed so much since 1993.
People's understanding of martial arts, just the general public, what they know.
If you see street fights today, guys go to the ground all the time.
You see street fights today.
Guys get guys in heel hooks.
Crazy street fights.
Yeah.
You know, here it is.
Here's Remko.
Boom.
Boom.
The first one, he was already out.
Yeahco is like 260 pounds.
It was a big dude.
But it was just like no one understood what was going on, no one understood anything.
That's the same thing down that he tried to do to me, but I ended up on his back.
Yeah.
I knew he was gonna do that, that they down trapped the arm and roll over.
So I ended up on his back and that's when I choke him.
Such a strange time for martial arts really.
If you really stop and think about it, such a strange time because all these years, thousands of years of people fighting, thousands of years of people having this idea of how to fight and then all of it comes together [55:01] in the UFC and then we go, okay, now we have new data.
Now we have new understanding.
Now we have new understanding.
Now we have, okay, now we get it.
Now we get it.
And then you see it evolve to what it is now.
Where you see these guys, like Alex Paheda, the kickboxer who comes in and now he's got his style.
And it's, I think today's more of a lot of strategy too.
Cause both fighters are practicing, they stand up and the grappling.
They do jujus, they do wrestling, everybody does kickboxing, karate, everybody practice all of them.
So it's a question of who have the best strategy.
Yeah, who has the best strategy?
And then these people like Paeda, who has a unique skill set like scary kickboxer dangerous He just hits you once you're unconscious, you know, he did like that guy presents a very unique challenge Like if you don't grab him and you don't get him to the ground You're fucked because if you're standing up with him at any moment that guy's gonna set you up move a boom [56:00] Like we did with Jamal Hill in that last.
Yes All takes his one shot from that guy.
You know, like so these guys now that everyone has their own unique skill set and it's so interesting seeing how that skill set matches up with another guy skill set.
Like with Beheira, I want to see what happens if he fights against like an elite wrestler, a really good, really good at takedowns who knows Jujutsu.
You know, and we haven't seen that yet.
elite wrestler, a really good, really good, a takedown who knows Jiu-Jitsu.
And we haven't seen that yet.
But he trains a lot of grappling too.
Oh yeah, oh yeah.
He's just got his black belt from Glover.
From Glover, yes.
Which is huge.
Glover's good.
And Glover says he's like very good on the ground.
No, Glover, Glover.
Oh, Glover is because Glover could not fight in the US for six years because of visa issues during his prime Like during his prime Glover was stuck in Brazil.
He couldn't come to America because of it Everybody knew about Glover was the boogie man like everybody talked about Glover Glover was the guy that like out of all the elite guys [57:00] That were in the UFC Glover was the number one guy that everybody talked about He was so good when he was younger.
By the time he got to the UFC, he was already like 36 years old.
He won the title.
I think he was 41 or 42 when he won the Light Heavyweight title.
And that like strains with him, so.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, it's a good combination.
Oh, perfect, perfect, perfect combination.
Yeah.
I mean, this is it's an amazing exciting time for the sport, you know, it really is and It's good is there's a still a lot of countries a lot of places that are against So we still can open up more doors what countries are against and a main European countries is too like It's starting to make its way.
Like this guy from France.
Just now, less year, I think starting France and Spain.
Well, France has some great guys too now though.
You know, Cyril Gone and Cedric Dumbay who fights for PFO's Elite Kickboxer.
[58:03] It's, and then you got, of course, you got those guys from Dagestan.
That's an interesting element too.
Those Russian wrestlers.
I don't think this, because of their wrestling, I think it's because of their discipline.
And I tell a lot of people that those guys don't think about anything else.
Just train, discipline about...
Very religious, very disciplined, very focused.
Yeah.
There's no...
The girlfriend or wife, they're not thinking about any of that.
No partying.
There's no partying.
That's all they do.
Get up, train, sleep, eat, train.
So, yeah, they don't think about anything else.
They're just more, I think they're more discipline.
Mm-hmm.
Then this side of the world.
Yeah, I was watching this interview with Kabeab where he was talking, well, there was a conversation that he was having when someone who was talking about young people [59:00] that it's so important that they maintain focus because a young guy who's really talented and is above and better than everybody else when he's 18 sometimes they'll slack off and then they come back to it when they're like 22 but then by then their average and everybody else has gotten much better and they lost that advantage and they never they won't be special but the guy who is 18 who's above and beyond everybody else in the gym that guy if he 18 who's above and beyond everybody else in the gym, that guy if he can maintain that discipline and maintain that focus, then he can go on to become a champion.
Yeah, I totally believe on that.
It's the discipline.
Yeah.
It's not because they're better wrestlers or nah, because they're better strikers.
You find very good wrestlers everywhere in America top wrestlers in the world over here Olympics.
Yeah, see but But I think the discipline Is what what's missing a lot of people?
They don't take Sunday off.
Right.
Right.
Right.
All it's Sunday.
We're gonna rest none of them enough of those guys [1:00:05] What was training like for you like during UFC one?
Right, right.
It's Sunday, we're gonna rest.
None of them, none of those guys.
What was training like for you during UFC one?
Training...
I never really party.
So I understand because I'm on that philosophy.
I would say good, I before like a month, two months before the fights, a month before the fight when I was fighting Japan, when I went to fight in Japan, a month before the fight, I would move out of the house.
So don't have to deal with the kids, with the woman, nothing.
So month before.
And a heart would come over and have a talk with me and my father and it's like, okay, there's no babysitting, there's no hanging out with the kids.
[1:01:01] Yup.
None of that.
Just part in training.
Yeah.
Just Spartan training.
Yeah.
Pretty much.
Yeah.
And I understand.
I was like, okay, I'm a soldier.
You tell me to do it, I'll do it.
There's not a doubt.
You see, they say, do it, done.
So you cannot hang around with the kids and babysitting the kids a little bit all grown now.
But it's like nope okay I can cut it off not a problem and want to discipline on that say goodbye to the family you gotta go train you gotta go spend a month away and what was a day's training like did you do any strengthening conditioning back then or was it all just Gigi-Tzu training and position training and drills?
It was a lot of in that order you have to know what you're doing.
That's how I learned from my family.
You have to have endurance then becomes power.
Yes, I did a lot of the strength and conditioning [1:02:00] by a lot endurance.
Endurance was before this strength strength So even till today it's like it's knowledge if you don't know how to fight right you have no business in the cage Right, but then you know how to fight and you have a lot of power But you can't last more than two minutes Right, oh you trouble.
Yeah, so you have to know what you're doing You have to have endurance to last at least the first round five minutes Then becomes power and what kind of endurance training would you do?
Oh?
Do you know everything from running to swimming to Strength coach and I want time got up and it's like okay The guy he used to be the strength coach for stretch code for USC for the Rams when they're in LA James men went for 41 mile run 41 miles one day Seven seven hours later.
I told him stop my kefs are both cramped up man.
I can't take it.
I can step [1:03:04] That seems crazy.
Yeah so Just not too long ago a couple years ago Bunch of friends of mine from the Navy's use Ask me let's go sum across let's go sum a temple a temple bay.
I was like sure Let's do it I figured out was across Tampa Bay.
It's like three hours later.
Three hours of swimming.
I've made it, but my god, it's like, Jesus Christ.
I was asked by to my fingers.
It was January, cold, very cold water.
Brazilians are not made for the cold weather.
It was not the distance.
It was not, I can make it.
It was not carrying like, extra 40, 50 pounds of weight behind dragging behind us.
No, it was the cold water that got to me.
It was like, but I did it.
Got the other side.
Did you train for that?
[1:04:01] Or did you just do it?
We swim about maybe a dozen times.
I thought we were just gonna go to the beach and just hang out swim on the beach.
Yeah, cold water, okay.
Yeah, camion come out.
No.
Three hours.
By the time they said it's across Tampa Bay, I was like, no, I cannot back down man, I gotta do it.
So it went to a pool, swimming.
Nice warm pool, doesn't time.
Maybe a dozen times.
Just to get ready for that.
Yep.
Oh fuck.
It was pretty much just on heart, man.
We climb up cactus to clouds that's in Palm Springs.
Strength coach is like, yeah, let's go to go for a hike, dude.
It's like cactus for clouds.
It's bad.
We did it, we got up there.
How long did that take?
How old day?
Oh, they left like three o'clock, four o'clock in the morning, we started, finished by four o'clock in the afternoon, [1:05:04] three, four o'clock in the afternoon, 3 o'clock in the afternoon.
Cactus to clouds, 21 miles, difficulty class, 1, 2, highly strenuous, 10,400 feet change of elevation.
Jesus Christ.
That's not...
That's not...
That's not...
That's not...
Yeah.
Yeah.
I always did endurance stuff So with fighting if you don't have endurance you don't have anything Sakurabana we fought for our in 45 was our 45.
Yeah, yeah, you know six rounds of 15 minutes the two-minute rest I think it was two-minute wrestling between rounds 15 minutes rest for two 15 Crazy yeah Is that the longest fight you had yes minutes rest for two, 15.
Crazy.
Yeah.
Is that the longest fight you had?
Yes.
945, that's the second longest fight in the history.
What's the longest fight in history?
My father.
Oh, what?
340.
342 or something like this.
Yep.
Fighting.
But he was one round.
[1:06:01] Yeah.
I was six rounds of 15 minutes.
What was the longest fight in the UFC that was one round.
Yeah, I was six rounds of 15 minutes.
What was the longest fight in the UFC that was one round?
I think Dan Severnay.
Oh, wow.
No, Keshav Murakani.
One round of, it was 30 minutes on the UFC five.
We did it one round of 30 minutes.
What about other organs remember when Merilla boosted Montaie fought Tom Erickson America.
Yes, that was another one that was crazy because Merilla was in Brazil 185 and Tom Erickson was 300 pounds He was very good wrestler powerful guy too people forgot about Tom Erickson.
He was a very good wrestler.
He was a scary mother fucker Big they we call him the big cat about Tom Erickson.
He was a very good wrestler.
He was a scary motherfucker.
Yes.
Big.
They were called the big cat.
Because he moved like a cat.
That was 300 pounds.
That was on the wrestlers were taking over and trying to fight against it showing the Brazilians that Jesus was nothing.
So they had the heavy weights.
It was Tom Erickson, Kerr, Coleman, Royce Alger too.
[1:07:07] He entered the UFC and ensued in any way.
Arm Bardem, remember?
Yep, broke his arm.
And all those guys went to Brazil to fight in Brazil.
Yeah.
Kevin Randerman.
Randerman, Mark Kerr.
Yeah.
Chuck Lidell.
They fought Fabio Gugiel.
Chuck Lidell fought Pele.
Yeah, yeah, the Maddox, the Favre Guigelle and chocolate Del Favre paylay.
Yep.
Everyone needs to have the ring with the the netting underneath the bottom roasts.
You can't slip out.
Yeah.
Crazy.
It's crazy when you think about it.
How much the sport has changed and how many just I mean and what's amazing is you could watch all those matches too.
Like back then, trying to watch a match was very hard to do.
You had to find a tape, you know?
Yeah, I remember people saying, yeah, it's meant you fought in America.
We had to wait a week or two weeks until somebody bring the tape over, the VHS, they had [1:08:03] to bring it.
Now, even Sam, they had to somebody come over here, record it and then take it back to Brazil and make copies and pass it around to people.
Yeah.
Well, it's also like people had to understand where the level was at too, because if you didn't watch it, you didn't understand where the level was at.
I remember there was a match between Hixin and Hegan.
There's a Jiu Jitsu match in Hixin and Hegan.
And at the time it was like the highest level Jiu Jitsu black belt match we had ever seen.
And we're watching Hixin and Hegan going after him like, oh my God.
They're both stud stud.
Hegan was not easy man.
He was so good.
He was a stud.
Oh my God.
And watching those guys go out in their prime.
So you get to see that level.
And you get to watch a tape if you were going to see that.
Yep.
Because you know, we weren't in Brazil.
So we'd have to someone has to film it if you get it over to us.
Yeah.
Crazy.
How come Hicks had never fought in the UFC?
Did was there ever a moment where you almost came over?
I think because I was fighting there in the UFC, [1:09:05] if not, it was tournament back then.
So if both of us fought, we ended up facing each other.
So I think he just, that's why he decided to go to Japan.
But when you stopped fighting in the UFC, was there ever a moment where they were trying to get Hicks into come over?
I don't live there approaching him.
But he was already successful in Japan.
Yeah.
And they kept him busy over there.
Yeah.
So he was beating up the heavy weights in Japan.
Yeah, he's beating up everybody over there.
That's the thing that unfortunately in America people weren't aware of like Japan Valley Tuto and all the different and then the original pride You know when he fought Dakota and he fought all those guys over there and for the first value.
Yes.
Yeah Yeah, well that's fortunately we have choke the the documentary so people get a chance to see it from that [1:10:01] Higgs was a beast man.
Oh my god.
Yeah Well, that was the crazy thing when you were winning the UFC you were telling everybody hey my brothers even better to see it from that.
Hexon was a beast, man.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
Well, that was the crazy thing.
When you were winning the UFC, you were telling everybody, hey, my brother's even better than me.
And every time.
500 times.
Not by a little bit.
That's crazy.
That's crazy.
Why was he so much better?
I don't think was just physique.
Just be able to move, put his I don't think it was just physique.
It was the way he moved.
Put his weight the way the position himself.
So it was all position.
It wasn't people say, oh, because he was stronger.
He was more athletic.
No, it wasn't.
Because he...
I don't think he ever used strength against me when we were training.
He was not like, okay, I'm stronger than you.
I'm going to just rely on the strength.
He was just body weight.
Just the knowing position and knowing.
So he just had a special talent.
Yeah.
[1:11:00] I'll say a special talent, yes.
But that was so confusing for us because we would hear like what His brother's better than him like how is this possible about my little bit?
Crazy But hoi left too.
Yeah, and the hoi was lighter weight than me But you like like you said hoi sparring with hoi.
There's like a Grab me a salmon But you like you say, a Spartan with a hoiler, he's like a Grab Your Salmon.
He's all over the place.
He's like, and he's little, man.
It's like.
Well, he was the most successful entornment, right?
Yes.
And he used to win the open weight divisions and fighting out the heavy weights and hoiler was a beast, man.
What a family you have.
I mean, what a family.
All of them, bunch of studs.
All of them, everyone, hands off.
Including the girls.
Sure.
Look at Kira.
Yeah.
No.
Sure, sure.
Look at Kira, even the ones they're not involved on teaching.
Dude, they're vicious.
[1:12:01] It's just so incredible that this one family produced so many champions I mean there's never been anything like it in all of combat sports There's never been anything even remotely close.
There's no even second place that you could bring up Oh, well, you know, there's a few times where two brothers were really good at fighting You know, but it's never been anything like you brought brothers and cousins..
Yeah, everybody uncles.
Yeah, everybody.
Yeah, I mean we heard the name Gracie everybody's like oh shit.
It's gonna be a problem Like I think was hands of that said once Handsome is another beast on the family said we are not a family.
We have factory of virus Said we are not a family with factory of virus Much yeah, yeah, I mean so many high-end Enzo me just so many so many It's just really incredible when you really stop and think about it and they're out of people that [1:13:06] We all create that game that learned from us at one point.
Yeah, it's extraordinary.
It really is.
When you watch Jiu Jitsu now, do you watch Jiu Jitsu like no Gigi Jitsu?
Do you watch these guys?
I'm not big intern, man.
Go on, Ryan's awesome, man.
That's his belt out there.
That's his Abu Dhabi.
We met up with a friend of ours, Derek.
We met up with him, we were teaching him in Chicago.
And he very respectful.
Go on, Ryan came up, said, man, can we roll you to bits?
Like sure, let's roll.
It wasn't too long ago.
Maybe I'm a year ago last year ago and The guys are peace man.
It's like I know of him Yeah, so he's very respectful we're going very light and he's going easy on me and I was like okay [1:14:01] Go ahead catch me and he wouldn't Really and he turned around and I can feel him giving to me it's like no you take me without talking and I was like there's no way I'm gonna take because he wouldn't be believable there's no way I can tap him and I'm okay and I give it to him back something and he's like pretend he doesn't see it he has something back to that's the point that I start laughing.
I'm like, dude, really?
I'm giving the arm and he's giving me the neck and I'm giving the triand, he's giving me the hands.
We're both giving it to you.
I have a very respect for me.
That's funny.
We talk about discipline.
That guy works out 365 days a year.
There's no Christmas, Christmas, fuck you, your birthday, fuck you, every day.
They train every day.
I told him, people misunderstood what he's saying.
He's challenging people.
I said, that's good.
Yeah.
[1:15:01] That's what my family did.
You say you're good?
I'm saying I'm good.
There's only one we'll find out.
Yeah'm saying I'm good, this only one will find out.
Yeah.
And I told him, keep doing it.
Cause they'll push people.
You see, yeah, that's a straightaway.
We're going so live, he's going so easy on me and I'm giving to him, go ahead, catch me and he'll like put the hand and it doesn't catch me.
I was like, really?
And then he'll give me something and I was like, okay, you take it.
I was like, you take it.
Nice and smooth and slow.
Well, that's the thing that he's capable of rolling like because he's so fucking strong, but he doesn't use it.
It's just all technique and movement and understanding.
And obviously he came from a Hanzo school.
John Donahue and Donahue came from Hanzo You know it's like it's all that same lineage But there's a lot of good talent people over there out there right now.
Oh my god It's incredible like the level of just jujitsu now is so high You know Mikey Musumachi and you know there were tolo brothers and all these different guys out there [1:16:04] It's just so much.
So much high level.
That trains with him.
We go out and ride and I can't remember his name right now man, but I heard the kid says, I'm gonna catch you on the left arm and he catch you on the left arm.
It's like, fuck, I'm gonna catch the right foot.
And he catch you.
And he tells you how long and timing is like, wow, that's impressive.
Yeah.
To be able to pull such a thing.
It's not easy.
No.
Well, that's what guys do when they get past the level of everybody else, right?
They just start challenging themselves by giving themselves one thing they're going to try to do.
And I ask people around and people say, yep, this guy is this.
It's a training partner for Guadalupe.
Jean Carlo.
Who is it?
Do you know which guy it is?
I can't remember the name.
[1:17:00] Well, it's one of the guys that trained with Gordon Ryan, man.
He's on that level.
Well, there's a very high level guys now.
I mean, it's just it's so, but it's also iron, charpens, iron, you know.
These guys are so good now and everybody's competing with guys that are so good.
Like you go to Abu Dhabi and you watch the level.
It's just so they been doing some little kids too.
So yeah.
People in the beginning thought, thought well the grace is a good because they keep in secret No, no, we just stick to it.
We just start as a young age and we grew up on this Well, this is the thing the Gordon always says he says my jiu jitsu is 10 years advanced of everybody So it does I can show you everything I'm doing it doesn't matter.
You're not gonna catch me because I'm in the gym 365 days a year.
Discipline.
Discipline.
What was that?
Discipline, where he eats and yep.
It's John Donner, her talks about Kaisen.
Kaisen is this Japanese phrase for doing something [1:18:01] over and over and over again, just constantly focusing on this one thing and continuing to perfect it over and over and over and over again, just constantly focusing on this one thing and continuing to perfect it over and over and over and over again.
That's what they do.
And their thought is, if you work out five days a week, but I work out seven days a week, in a month, I've worked out four times more than you.
In a year, you'll add that times 52, 52 weeks.
You keep going over and over and over again.
After 10 years, I have extra years of training on you.
And when you think about it that way, it's really the way to do it.
If you want to really be the best of the best, and you know there's a guy like Gordon out there that is training 365 days a year, like you kind of have to.
And we go back to Dagestan's.
Mm-hmm, same thing.
That's all day.
There's no Sundays for them.
Yeah.
There's no, today's my birthday.
Today's, it's a holiday.
No, there's no holidays for them.
No.
It's just discipline.
If you're not getting better, you're getting worse.
So you gotta have discipline.
That's what I tell everybody.
You gotta have discipline.
You can be the most talent person [1:19:06] without discipline.
You're not gonna stay on top forever.
Yeah, you're, you know, my Tyson said that.
He said discipline, without discipline, you're nothing.
And he said, and discipline is doing things that you hate to do, but doing them like you love it.
Yep.
I just love it to do it..
It is a look.
I mean, that's the thing about Jiu Jitsu too.
It's so fun.
It's so much fun to do.
Even when you're losing, it's fun.
I love a challenge, man.
Let's go for swim across them, babe.
Okay, fine.
Let's run 41 miles.
Climb.
Climb cactus clouds.
Okay.
That's a The challenges you recently got into bow hunting.
How did that start?
How did you get into that?
I know you met John Dudley, and I know you did John Dudley's podcast because I listened to you with John Dudley and John Dudley taught me so he's an amazing coach amazing Archie.
When I first met him, he came up to me.
I was shooting a black rifle coffee and [1:20:04] I was, I wanna show you the black rifle coffee and the challenge, I didn't know what I was doing.
He came up to me and was like, hey, come see me, I'll make your bowl.
And I was like, what the fuck is this guy, man?
I said, I don't know, he was like, who is this?
I was looking around, I asked around, they're like, he's the hoist grace of bowl hunting.
Yeah, he's the fucking man.
So when spend some time with him, show me some stuff, maybe build me a bow.
Not like yours.
Yours is how many pounds to pull?
I have a 90 pound bow.
90 pound.
I can't even carry that thing.
What's not 90 pounds to pull?
It's the pulling is 90 pounds.
I can't even carry that pole.
Mine is like 60.
60's good enough, but if you could pull 90, it's better.
Yeah.
No, I don't have the...
Well, the way I felt like, you know, people say that there's a controversy in the Bohunting community [1:21:01] where they said, you don't need 90 pounds.
70 pounds is all you ever need.
And I'm like, okay, but 70 pounds for you is not 70 pounds for me.
70 pounds for me is easy.
90 pounds for me is not hard.
So 90 pounds for you is almost impossible, but 90 pounds for me is pretty easy.
Like there's a video of me pulling my 95 pound bow back.
I just fucking pull it back.
Cause I lift a lot of weights.
So if you lift a lot of weights and you have all this muscle, why not use it?
Yep.
I agree.
If that's a lot more power, I was shooting with the 95 pound bow, I was shooting a 520 green arrow with 301 feet per second.
When that thing fucking hits man, that is going through everything.
The amount of penetration you get with a bow like that is insane.
And that kind of power, it's like, that's better.
Because if you hit bone going in, you're going to go through the bone.
It's going to go through everything.
You're not going to worry about penetration.
You're not going to worry about lethality.
It's going to be very lethal.
So you wouldn't use a 20-point combo.
[1:22:01] I wish I had those muscles.
It's like you're born in a pile.
How would you start lifting weights?
Let's go.
Start lifting weights.
I do a lot of rows, a lot of chin ups.
But if you could do that and it's not hard, I always say pull the thing back that you could shoot.
Like how shoot, I have an 80 pound bow that I practice with and I'll shoot that bow for three hours.
I'll be out my yard for three hours, just shooting hundreds of arrows.
Man, this...
I love...
But it took forever.
I love guns.
And you kind of weapons, swords, bows.
You've got a tarantactical too, right?
Yep.
Yeah, that's great, right?
And that plays great.
He's awesome.
He's awesome.
Terrence amazing.
Good teacher too.
Oh, amazing teacher.
He knows how to push you to, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's just, it's again, it's like learning from a real master, you know, and seeing like, when you see him shoot, you're like, Jesus Christ.
Like, he's like, did it, did it, did it.
Like fast, super accurate, perfect technique, you know, and you see that, you go, oh, that's what it looks like when it's done right, you know [1:23:06] But I got into bow hunting a bow in general.
Oh, not too long ago I'll say four or five years ago.
I started to play with it and then when did you think about hunting?
Oh, I've been hunting for a while.
I keep that quiet, yes.
You keep that quiet because of Brazil?
No, because Brazil has a very anti-hunting attitude.
Yeah, but it's not just Brazil and saying a crazy family.
The crazy family.
A lot of people hunt like hunting and they give me a hard time.
You tell us like, what?
You put out a chat.
Yeah, they post a picture of us.
Somebody was eating some sushi and somebody post a picture in a Brazilian barbecue place and they all post that post about eating.
And I post a picture holding an elk.
There's no guns, there's no blood.
[1:24:03] Everybody give me a hard time, man.
Crazy hypocrites.
And give me a hard time man.
Crazy hypocrites.
Okay, and give me a hard time, I give them an hour.
And then I came back and I was like, that's a bunch of hypocrites.
You always eat meat, give me a hard time.
So how, but then they started, oh, but you just killed for the fun?
No, I did not.
They meet at my house, they hide at my house, the heads at my house, and the leftovers, the cuts that we don't eat, the animals went to eat.
So I had to educate a lot of them on that.
Yeah, that's the thing.
Most people are just uneducated about it, and they have this stereotype view of hunting as being this cruel thing that people do for fun.
No, I do it for the meat because I want to eat.
It's the best meat.
If I'm not going to eat, I don't kill it.
I'm not going to shoot a cat.
Of course.
I don't eat cats.
Exactly.
Yeah, people have asked me to do some hunts where they don't eat the meat.
[1:25:00] I'm like, sure.
Yeah.
Yeah, like there's some, like there's helicopter, hog hunts they do.
They fly around the helicopter, they shoot wild pigs out of helicopters, I'm like, I know you have to do it.
You can go back and get it.
Well, you could, but I mean, how many of them are you gonna get?
Like one day they shot 250 of them.
No, I'm not that man, yeah.
You're not gonna to really butcher and some of them they donate to hunters for the hungry, which is a great organization that feeds a lot of homeless shelters and stuff and they'll take that meat and bring it to a butcher shop and give it to hungry people and it's very good meat.
It's the best meat for you.
But when you shoot out of a helicopter and shoot 250 pigs, you're not going to go and take those pigs.
I I have a firm of ours in Texas that take us out to have a Israeli copter.
Right?
And Ashcraft and we shoot but then we go back down.
We collect.
We don't shoot it like 250.
Okay.
A couple four or five.
You see, we go back and get the best ones.
[1:26:01] Yeah.
We cut it up and take the meat and wild boars delicious.
Yeah, so good.
And sometimes even give out to churches and they take care of feed people.
That's great.
Yeah, that's great.
But wild game meat, man, it is the best meat in the world.
When I eat it, I just like, whoa, I feel so much bass.
But the feeling of you went there.
Yes.
You got that meat.
Yes.
I feel so much better.
But the feeling of you went there.
Yes.
You got that meat.
Yes.
Yes.
It's something that you brought home.
You went to Gaujo.
You went hunting.
Yes.
In hunting, I tell people all the time, it's not catching.
I would say 70% of the time, I come back home with nothing.
So it's not every time that I go out, that I come back home with nothing.
So it's not every time that I go out that I come back with something.
No, it's very difficult.
It's a, it's a, I would say for me it's about 70% of the time and I come back home empty handed.
Yeah, but it's like, okay, I was there for a whole day, piece of mine.
There's no cell phones, there's nothing, there's nobody bothering me.
[1:27:03] It's difficult.
So you're in the woods.
You're hiking.
Yeah.
You need endurance.
I mean, you need strong legs to get you around those mountains.
I mean, the first time I ever went hunting, I got that mule deer with my friend Steve Rinelli.
He took me hunting in Montana.
And I was in really good shape.
And I was like, you know, I do jiu-jitsu every day.
I'll be fine, walking up these hills.
And I was like, whoo, I this is fucking hard.
Like I didn't think of it as a physical thing, but mountain hunting is very physical.
Like you have to be fit.
You have to be in shape.
It's, I just got back from bare hunting in Idaho and up and down the mountains.
Yeah.
Hot sun, yep.
Yeah.
Hot sun.
Yep.
Yeah.
Up and down the mountains.
I know.
That is rugged terrain too.
Very rugged.
Beautiful terrain too.
Last year, my first elk that I got with the bull shot the elk with the bull.
[1:28:02] 30 yard shot.
Got the elk loaded elk loaded up talking back to the house.
We are taking the skin off and Taking the skin and the hide and taking the meat and and I went to help the guys 11 o'clock a night It's three of us.
I went to help my friend to I went to help my friend to cut because he never knives everywhere.
So as soon as I start to lift their hide, put my finger, my hand on the wrong spot, the guy cut my finger to the bone.
So it's like, okay, it's like, you just cut your, it's like, yup, I could jack cut you all like yep.
So then I've touching the bone.
Went to, went to, so the other friends like, hey, do you have a hospital nearby?
He's like, hospital is two hours away.
[1:29:00] Got a veterinarian.
Veteran, veterinarian.
So he's like, no, it's 11 o'clock at night everybody's asleep man So he's like do you have a super glue?
He's like no He's like You got a stapler?
Oh see his tape on it And his crazy finger Oh my god Put four voice tables on my fingers That's crazy, but it worked it worked wow Then I have laid it I get home and My son Decide to take it off.
I have to take the staples off.
Look where he's using to take it off.
A pair of pliers.
From the garage, from the motorcycle, pick up the pliers.
I can't believe I still have my finger, man.
We didn't clean any.
He just, he just picked up the pliers.
It's not to pull the staples.
And how long after the injury was this, [1:30:02] that he was doing this?
I did it half later.
Oh, okay.
So it kind of healed up a little bit.
Because those when I got back to Florida, yeah?
Yeah.
It's like, how's it going to be?
I got back to Florida, my son's like, no, you're not going to the doctors.
I can take this off.
Are you living in Florida?
Yes.
Where do you live?
What part of Florida No kidding, when did you move there?
I moved there about almost two years ago.
What made you decide to do that?
I can see myself getting arrested if I was in California.
Really?
Oh, California people so...
I love California, don't take me wrong.
I think California is the best state in the world.
And I travel eight months of the year.
I love California, but the people over there, man, they just get on your face.
It's like this, like this.
It's my right to be here, okay?
What are you gonna do about it?
It's like, dude, it's my right, knock your teeth out.
Oh my God, these violent, call the cops.
[1:31:00] I rast him, it's like, people is like disrespectful.
Got to a point you got disrespectful.
It got weird, right?
It's hard.
And I love, don't take my, I can't say enough.
I love California.
It's the only place where you could be in the ocean and then in the mountains on an hour.
And on the desert.
Yeah, and the desert.
You can surf, ski and spend the night in the desert.
The same day.
The same day.
The same day.
The same day.
The same day.
The same day.
The same day.
The same day.
The same day.
The same day.
The same day.
The same day.
The same day.
The same day.
The same day.
The same Districts are thankful and they've sort of, they've been bold and a lot of really stupid people to act like idiots You know and and Did just the whole the way they're dealing with the homeless situation is fucking insane You know they've they've they've lost 24 billion dollars that they can't account for that was [1:32:00] Does that is that what the story is there was some controversy about 24 billion dollars missing that there were Allocated towards the homeless crisis Yeah, so I just so was in the on the on the trip and I call my son.
I was like dude.
We got to get out of here We got to get out so all the kids are grown so Everybody's different location Yeah, so how to pick Florida by his different location.
Yup.
How'd you pick Florida?
So here it is.
California spent $24 billion tackling homelessness over five years, but didn't track if the money was helping the states growing number of unhoused people.
So they spent $24 billion and they can't figure out what the fuck it did.
God, it's ridiculous.
And it's not getting better at all.
It's getting worse.
Every time I go back there, I'm like, oh God, it's ridiculous.
And it's not getting better at all.
It's getting worse.
Every time I go back there, I'm like, oh God, it's worse.
And I go and only go back like once a year now.
I go back once.
I say it.
And everything I do.
I love it.
I hope it gets better.
I would love to move back.
But it's not gonna get better.
Yeah, I haven't had better.
I haven't had a whole long time.
It's gonna take generations.
[1:33:06] I used to joke with people and say, I'm a front line of resistance.
But yeah, he got to a point, it's like, man, yeah, it's too hard to control.
Well, it's also crazy things are happening.
Like a guy got arrested because someone broke into his house and he shot the guy and they arrested him.
Like, okay, you can't even defend yourself in your own home.
Like, what is the fucking point?
What's the point of the Second Amendment?
What's the point of having a firearm?
Isn't it to protect your family?
Are we supposed to assume that someone was willing to break into your home violently?
That that person's not going to harm you?
You got to call the police?
How long is the police going to take to get there?
What if you have a family?
What if you have children?
What if you have a wife?
You're supposed to just let this person break into your house?
You can't do anything about it.
It's insane because they're hiring the most insane district attorneys and they're making it easier and easier for people to get out of jail who've committed violent crimes.
I mean, they've lost their fucking minds.
And I don't know how [1:34:01] it comes back.
Other than they have to get some hardcore Republican governor who starts cleaning things up and Just cuts back on all the waste and cuts back on all the bullshit and just put their foot down It's gonna take a long time.
How about I have hope but I have hope well, that's beautiful.
I Got time.
I got plenty of time.
I'm not going anywhere.
I hope that you're right But I don't have that much hope.
I just see that they're indoctrinated into this liberal ideology and they just believe that this is the only way to think and behave.
And until it bites them in the ass, I've met a lot of people there that I knew that were really hardcore liberals who have now completely turned around and now they're Republican.
And now they've moved out, they've moved to Tennessee, they've moved to Florida, they've now completely turned around and now they're Republican and now they've moved out, they moved to Tennessee, they moved to Florida, they moved to Texas, and like, no, no, no, no, I see where this is going.
But then it's like, I sometimes I keep thinking, what's the end game?
What's the goal for the people that are doing this?
[1:35:03] Well, the real question is, who's funding?
More power?
It's not even necessarily more power.
I mean, the real money, you see, it's like, what's the end?
What's the goal?
It's very confusing, but I think generally there are people, genuinely, there are people that are funding this that want to see Western society collapse.
Like my daughter was going to school in reverse of Vermont.
Beautiful for there.
But she already had it.
She's moving to Tampa now.
Really?
She's like, be closer to us.
It's like so people doing all these protests against American army.
Yeah.
Against, it's like she's like, we have a son, one of my sons in the army.
And she's like, no.
So she put an army shirt, sweatshirt and walk right through the protest.
And like the girls who come home and give her the looks and she'll just look at them [1:36:03] and people will go, yeah, it's like, silence is violence.
Flip them the finger.
It's like, how about that for violence?
Silence is violence is one of the dumbest fucking things.
Silence is violence.
Violence is violence.
If you say silence is violence, you've never seen violence.
Yeah.
The less someone's being quiet while they're beating the fuck out of you.
So it's just violence, it's not violence.
Violence is violence, you fucking idiots.
It's like my god, so she had her over there.
She spent one year and she's like, man, I can't put up with this anymore.
The teacher was talking trash about, she's like, I didn't pay to hear the teacher and the political beliefs.
Yeah, yeah.
So she should get up and leave class and say, yeah, she's like, I had it, she's done, I'm moving.
I was like, all right, let's go.
It happens everywhere.
I mean, it even happens here.
[1:37:01] There's just certain teachers that just feel that they have this ability to enforce their political beliefs on kids And they'll be very angry you one guy got kicked out of school here because he had to make America great again hat on Hmm would just whether or not you support Donald Trump the sentiment behind making America great That should be everybody should be on board with that the idea that making America great in a hat is offensive to people.
It's like, what?
How?
Help me out.
It's not, you know, you're not saying anything bad.
You're saying make America great.
Wouldn't it be awesome if America was great?
Who disagrees with that?
How could you disagree with that?
Great means everybody does well.
Your family does well.
The streets are clean.
Everyone's safe.
There's less crime, less violence, more jobs.
That's great.
Why would you be against that?
How could you be against that?
And how could you think that that sentiment is offensive?
That's what's so twisted about the world that we're living in today.
And that's why sometimes I [1:38:01] keep thinking again, what's the end game?
What is in for whoever's behind all this?
Right.
More money, more power, more than what they have already.
It's like, I don't know.
To destroy society for what?
What's the purpose?
I don't know.
That's why I keep thinking.
It seems like, I wish I knew.
I wish it made sense.
It doesn't make sense to me.
I think it's a lot of it is influenced by foreign governments, I think foreign government influence universities by supporting people with very ridiculous ideologies and then making sure that those people with ridiculous ideologies enforce those things in children.
And then you have social media, which social media is also propped up, especially TikTok, which is essentially owned by China.
And they promote all these ridiculous things and these things get into kids' heads and they're on TikTok every day.
And then they start thinking that this is the only way to think in behave.
But do it.
Sometimes, the first thing comes in, it's like, do it, I think, in the business of martial [1:39:05] art business If your school have a hundred students or a thousand students, this will make a difference to me I prefer that you succeed and have a thousand students.
Yeah Well be the goal for me to make you have no students.
You see it's like I want you to go because if you grow I grow right but then like on the world society and People trying to destroy one Country trying to destroy the other for what?
But you're thinking logically power to have more power to.
It's also it's also people are trapped in an ideology.
They're trapped in this woke mindset you can call it woke whatever you want to call it but this ideology of what we're seeing with these young ridiculous kids and universities today.
It's like they're trapped in [1:40:01] this way of thinking and they don't think about the end game.
First of all because they're very young and they don't think about the end game.
First of all, because they're very young and they don't know anything and they wanna rebel against society, which all young people wanna do.
They wanna rebel against people that are older and they wanna think that they know better than the people that are older.
And then eventually they get older.
And as they get older start to realize, you know what I think the problem is?
People are fucking lazy.
You know, I think the problem is people don't have discipline.
You know, I think the problem is people don't plan for the future, people don't work hard, they don't, like everybody should have the opportunity to work hard and get better and move ahead and try to better your life and better the life of your family.
And if you think that way, you're gonna have a good society.
But if you think that society is evil, and it's all colonists, and that we gotta destroy it, and take it all down, and capitalism is evil.
Okay, what are you gonna replace it with?
They didn't even thought this thing through.
What are you gonna replace it with?
Communism?
You've been to a communist country, it's fucking hell.
And you know what happens in a communist country?
[1:41:00] You have to enforce it.
How do you enforce it with the military?
And if nobody's armed, but the military, now you have a dictatorship.
Now you have a brutal military dictatorship that decides what you can and can't do.
That's what Cuba has.
Decides for you.
Yeah.
That's what China has.
North Korea has.
Good luck.
Good luck with that.
There's plenty of examples of that.
None of them are good.
There's no examples of communism working anywhere where it's for the betterment of everybody.
One thing that that come into America from Brazil, it was a lot like in Brazil, they put you down a lot.
I remember when I won the UC, there's a thousand guys that will do better than him.
This is not a thing.
Everybody will say, yeah, it's not a lot of people are like, yeah.
His accomplishment is not that big of a deal.
Different than America, they push you up.
Yeah.
You see, they changed their mentality now in Brazil.
[1:42:02] Oh really?
But back then used to be like this.
That's interesting.
The mentality changed.
Why did the mentality change in Brazil?
Don't know, but the change.
I can see that now.
People try to push you up now instead.
But back then, when I won, I was like nah, no big deal.
These guys will do much better than him.
And they came over and they got beat up over he badly in the UFC.
But that's one thing they attract America culture was like they're trying to always push you up.
And seems like that change now, they're trying to push you down now.
In some places, in some circles.
Yeah, but there's still quite a few people in America that still believe that.
Oh yeah.
I think that's more prevalent here than anywhere else in the world.
The saditude that we want people to succeed and celebrate success.
But then this whole thing what's going on right now, it's almost like they want to crash.
It's like why?
[1:43:01] It's usually losers.
Losers who don't have anything going on and they want other people to be losers as well.
They don't want people to succeed.
And also they connect success with the worst examples of success.
Like they connect the idea of financial success with people being oppressed.
Obviously, people being oppressed is terrible.
But all financial success is not oppression.
That's ridiculous.
Like if you have a school, like for example, if you have a Jiu-Jitsu gym, if you have a Jiu-Jitsu academy and you have a thousand students, there's nothing oppressive about that success.
That's all beneficial.
Beneficial to your students, it's beneficial because if you have a thousand people, then you have a place that's run well and you have stuff.
You have staff, you have people that are employed there, and also you have plenty of classes.
So I can get a class of 6.30 in the morning before I go to work.
6.30 a.m.
class, I'm done by eight, I shower up, I'm in the office at nine, I feel good, I got something done today.
And I'm getting better at Jiu Jitsu, like, ooh, this is amazing.
You know, and then you have classes all day long, [1:44:05] and everybody's getting better, and the level is high, because there's guys that are good in the gyms, you get excited, and you're thinking about your game, you think about constantly improving.
That's not impressive.
There's nothing oppressive, and the person who runs at gym, they're making good living, and they feed their family, and they have a And the impressive.
The impressive.
Yeah, the pupil.
Yes, there's nothing impressive about that success.
We're not talking about the success of like the military industrial complex or like, you know, the oil companies polluting the ocean.
No, you're talking about there's a lot of people that work hard and their success is not even remotely oppressive.
So when people connect all capitalism to degradation of the environment and controlling of people and oppressing people, that's ridiculous.
That's just a full hearty way of looking at the world.
Yeah, it's a, like I said, if your school have no students or a thousand students, [1:45:03] I don't make any more money.
Right.
So, but I want you to have a thousand students I don't make any more money right so but I want you to have a thousand students it's like because if you have a thousand students if I come to teach if you're having students I'm not gonna come over exactly but I want you to succeed yeah yeah so I want to fill up your school are you primarily doing you do like seminars now?
Do you love seminars?
I'm building a school in Sarasota.
Oh nice.
Yeah.
Nice.
I haven't had a school.
I used to teach with Horton Until 2000.
Then I stopped teaching at their school at their academy and the Gracia Academy and just went to do seminars But now I'm building a school for my son and I.
Oh wow, that's great.
I love to travel, to see the world.
But I'm gonna build a building up there.
We've got to place a location already, just waiting for permits.
Oh that's great.
Be my first headquarters.
That's great.
That's gonna be awesome.
Boy, that's gonna be successful.
[1:46:01] That's the location's awesome.
Boy, a hoist gracy school and for the booth that's gonna be big right away I mean I've had first day you'll be full yep, yeah, we got a lot of students already just on the stand by Ready to go for us.
Yes.
How long do you think before you open about good eight months?
Nice.
We're just waiting for the final permits and they start building we're gonna tear down the building and then build up The build up.
The build up is fast.
This is a permit takes forever in Florida.
Yeah, takes forever a lot of places.
And how big is this place gonna be?
Big enough.
Big enough.
Very big, yes.
Yeah.
We're talking three floors.
Oh, wow.
So is it gonna be different things in there?
Like, wow.
So is it gonna be different things in there?
Like, yeah.
What is the plan?
Do you want to give the full details?
Not yet.
Not yet.
Well, you let me know.
Let me know when you're about to open.
We'll let everybody know.
The location is awesome.
That's great.
Five minutes from the beach.
Oh, that's beautiful.
[1:47:00] That's exciting.
That's very exciting.
That must be really exciting.
Look forward to something like that five minutes from the beach to Beach and Florida.
I'm like my son No Sharks on the Sharks on the East Coast, right?
Oh, are they I'm on the West Coast?
So the West Coast and I was going to the Gulf Other sharks in the Gulf too.
Sharks don't like Brazilians man.
No Sharks for you Out there sharks in the golf too.
It sharks don't like Brazilians man.
No But Brazilians that they look at Italians they don't like Brazilians that's hilarious.
That's hilarious That's they think it's all a different tree that's buddy Hey look at me like hold on it's too many too many bones on this one, man I'll choke on this one.
Let me get that meaty one over there with all the muscles look at that That's a risota Jesus Christ voice that's a shark in Sarasota that's a pattern look you can't read on the boat man you can't even feed those fucking head we can't feed those we can't see Jesus Christ we swim with those across the buffet and is that thing doing just pulling up his boat?
Oh my god, saying hi.
[1:48:06] Those are pets.
Look, sharks.
Do you surf?
No, not like white.
Is he in San Diego still?
He surfs a lot.
He goes to Bali every year, spend a month over there.
Tissarks down there, bro.
A lot of sharks down there.
Tissarks down there, bro.
Yeah.
A lot of sharks in there.
San Diego.
Yeah.
There's sharks everywhere, man.
It's like, eh.
It was a group of people that were training for a triathlon, and they were in the ocean doing a swim, and one of them got killed by a great white.
And my friend went swimming there the next day.
Because he had to prepare for the swim that you get.
The shark was like, you hit stomach full, so.
I don't know if we get full that easy.
And then they keep eating.
I would probably told his friends, and I got a swimmer the other day.
Well, a swimmer's over here.
Is that a swimmer's over there?
Yeah.
That's gay as a shit out of me.
Shark's scared.
That's shit out of me.
[1:49:00] Woof.
That's what the one, like bears to me are not as scary as sharks.
If there's bears, you got a gun, you got bear spray, you know what you're doing, you're careful.
I think you're probably, you know.
Hey, the bear is hunting you too.
That's true.
You could, you could, well, it depends on what kind of bear too, right?
If you run into a hole, they move so quiet man.
I know for such a better one.
200 pounds, 250 pounds.
Yeah.
You don't hear them coming right behind you.
When you were a bear hunting, were you using bow or rifle?
This one was rifle.
I haven't done a bear bow hunting yet because that's a very close shot man.
Yeah.
My as far as I can go is like 30 35 is pushing for me.
Yeah.
So I'm not as proficient on the bow yet.
Hmm.
So A range in your yard where you could practice.
No, I don't do a yard.
It's big.
How big is your yard?
Yeah, it's not that big.
How far pool got a pool?
[1:50:02] Like how much distance do you have that you could shoot in your yard?
Dan oh ten yards on the at 20s like it says Florida where I am the yard's open Mm-hmm.
I see so the next door no Don't point that boat yeah, it's even though it's Florida.
Yeah, yeah Is there an archery range near you?
No, no.
Oh, that's one.
Yeah, yeah.
So where do you go to practice?
When I go, man.
Oh, only when you hunt?
Oh, that's crazy.
Yeah, that's why you get on a shoot 30 hours.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh two days and practice and let's go.
I jump first and I forget out later.
That would freak me out.
Cause I have to practice when I go hunting, like say like if I'm like five weeks out, I'm shooting hundreds of arrows every day.
For five weeks, I wanna make sure.
[1:51:00] Because I've shot, like the war.
It's kinda like the swim.
I swim about maybe 10 times and then swim across the upper bay.
I want to feel confident.
Like if I have a 75 yard shot on an elk, I want to be confident that I can make that shot.
75.
Yeah, I've shot an elk at 75 yards.
Yeah.
I've shot an elk at 80 yards.
We saw some elk last year about 89 yards, but I was like, nah.
It's, you have to, it came through the yards.
If they're not moving, if you know they're feeding and they're not moving and there's no wind and you know you practice at 100 and you know you can make it, but you have to be like, you know what it's like, it's like, I'm like a high level purple belt, brown belt in bow hunting.
I'm like a high level purple belt, brown belt in bow hunting.
I'm not a black belt.
I'm a white belt.
Yeah.
Yeah.
30 yards is good.
I got it.
Why belt with one stripe?
I found a spot.
Sarasota Arches.
Look at this.
Look at all that.
Look at all that.
Look at it is, but you can send me that address.
Private club up requiring membership.
Hey Sarasota Arches, won't you let in the goat?
Horace Grace, you need to place to practice.
[1:52:08] That's nice.
Yeah, I'm sure they'll let you.
That'd be great.
There you go.
Now we got your spot.
Now you just go there.
Just, you only need a few hours a day.
Just, you just need that muscle memory.
You need that feel, that feel of the relaxed shoulder, and just no anticipation of the shot pulled through to me.
So I have to get that ingrained in my head, that technique has to just be over and over and over again.
Where it's ingrained in my head so that when I'm drawing on an animal, it's just, I know exactly what to do.
There's no questions.
Sometimes it's almost like shooting.
Mm-hmm.
I shoot quite a bit.
And sometimes it's done some competition.
Mm-hmm.
And I see the guys starting and looking at the target and shooting as ready and they're concentrating the target when they say shooting as ready, [1:53:02] I look away.
So set, go.
I look up and shoot it, just pick it up and find it.
Yeah.
But don't you think that because you fought so many times and because of all your years of Jiu Jitsu and all, like things like shooting and things that involve technique and concentration, like they come naturally.
I think so.
Yeah, I think so too.
I think so is like a I'm very patient.
I Know how to control my breathing.
Mm-hmm.
Don't get excited.
Right.
You see like when I draw for the elk It was a cow.
I draw It was less day of hunt, really.
For day, four days hunting that elk man.
I draw on the cow.
I bow showed up, so I just turned, foot fire on the boat.
It was like, hey, but I was gonna shoot a cow.
I was like, I gotta take some meat home man.
It's been four days chasing, nothing came close.
[1:54:03] And I cow came close to the yards and the cow got in front of me I draw in the bokeh move I just turned.
Just perfect shot.
Bam done.
What kind of broadheads are you using?
Oh, that was the local guy at the farm and what I was giving me the broad heads.
I can't remember what it was.
Mechanical or the fixed broad head?
No mechanical.
Rage?
Was it a rage?
It was the blade that was going to be there.
Yeah, probably a rage.
Yeah.
Yeah, like those.
John Dudley has his own broad head now.
He made like a better version of a rage.
Like a more durable, sharper version of a rage.
So G5 is making them, it's called the T2.
It's a new mechanical that he designed, the John designed, that they're just, they're just starting to release now.
I think they just started to sell them.
But he sent me some prototypes.
I like it a lot.
It's great, bro.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The guy that formed the word I was, [1:55:01] he supplied, that was last year.
So the form that I was, his supply, that was last year.
So, where was that?
Montana.
Oh, nice.
Yeah, great, great falls.
Yes.
A lot of Elke Montana.
Montana.
So beautiful.
And deer and got everything.
Isn't it just so amazing being out there too in the wild?
It's just so peaceful.
Even if I don't hunt further in catch, I tell the guys when they take me out, sometimes I feel the under pressure catching.
Some say, dude, if I don't catch anything, I'm happy.
Just being here.
It's like just a pursuit.
And knowing that sometimes you're gonna go home empty handed.
It's difficult.
It's a very difficult thing to do.
That's what makes it good.
Like I said, 70% of the time, I come home with nothing.
Yeah.
But that's part of why it's fun because it's hard to do.
And some people don't understand that.
But they just want results.
But then when I eat, it's like, I got this.
Yeah.
I cooked some elk the other night.
And as I was cooking and I was thinking like, yeah, I remember where I was.
I remember where it was 52 yards shot down into a canyon.
[1:56:08] Perfect shot.
I watched the elk go 30 yards pile up.
I watched it die.
I went up, quartered it, carried it out.
We carried it over the mountain, got it into a four by four, drove it back to the lodge, took it apart.
I remember everything about it.
So like being there, I have photos.
I have photos of the impact shot.
I have photos of the animal.
It's like in my mind, this meal has a history.
And I taught all my kids, talk to them.
I didn't teach them, I talked them out and the local guys who teach them how to hunt from a young age.
All of them.
That's great.
How to skin the deer.
Yeah.
How to stab a hog with a knife.
Oh, gee.
That's heavy.
The stab in the hog is wild.
That's good.
The hog hunting with dogs is.
Dogs and the knife.
For the first time I took my daughter and asked her, she was maybe 13, 12, 13.
I asked her, hey, do you wanna go?
[1:57:06] She's like, no, dad, I'm gonna stay on the ATV.
Okay, so I'm over there, I'm stepping the hug and when I back off, I look and she have her knife open behind me, she's waiting there.
And I was like, oh, you decide to come.
She's like, nah, in case the hug got you, that I would have jumped on him You decide to come just like nah in case the dog the hog got you that all the Out of jump on him and catch you stab him for you I was like okay, you didn't want to do it, but you were backing me up.
You're my backup guys Well my boys all did it from my young age everybody started It's a good thing to learn and it's also start to shoot and best meet that you could ever eat.
The best meet, the best meet in terms of like the healthiness of it, how good it tastes.
It's so good for you.
And shooting, teaching them from a young age, they all respect the gun.
They all respect the weapon.
Yeah.
I think everybody should know how to shoot a gun.
It's the worst case scenario.
You should always know how to defend yourself.
[1:58:08] You should always know how to operate a gun.
You know, at least you should know gun safety.
You should understand.
Yes.
What the gun can do.
Yes.
So they respect that.
Yeah.
All of them know how to check and not to point in for my young age.
They all learn that at home.
That's beautiful.
It's very important.
There's a lot of people that are scared of guns.
And that's just because of ignorance.
They just don't understand.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I love my guns.
What are the laws in Brazil are very different, right?
You cannot buy guns very hard.
I think the max you can get is a 380 caliber.
So hunting rifle?
No, no.
No hunting rifles.
Well, 380s.
Oh, 380s, the handgun.
Oh, okay.
The 380s, they're just very small.
Oh, very small.
Very small.
[1:59:00] Small than a military weapon.
Really?
So you can buy nine millimeters, 45 nothing above that.
Wow.
Shotgun, if you own a farm, yes, but no hunting rifles, no none of that.
No two to threes and ARs and...
That sucks.
Nope, it's very hard, man.
Very hard.
It's almost impossible to buy it.
But all the bad guys have it.
Yeah.
Great.
Unbelievable.
Terrible.
Terrible.
RPGs.
Yeah.
Grenades and...
Jesus Christ.
Yeah.
But you cannot buy guns in Brazil.
Very hard.
And take a long time in the price, it's like, pfff.
Wow.
$500 gun over here in America, over, they'll cost 2000.
Wow.
So when you come to America and you have this ability to just buy guns, because the second amendment, it's pretty nice.
[2:00:00] Very nice.
Yeah.
Especially if you're in a place like Florida that really supports the second amendment.
Yeah, especially if you're in a place like Florida that really supports the second amendment Yeah, Martin California California's nuts.
Well in California, they're starting to hand out concealed carry permits to people in Los Angeles again Because the crime is so bad and they realize like But you can come but if you have it you should somebody you're gonna go to jail Yeah, even though you inside your house.
I know and they walk in and they have guns You shoot them.
It's your fault What's crazy is if you shoot them you'll go to jail But if they break into your house and they rob you and beat you up They'll get right out if they get arrested.
They'll put them right back out on the street Yeah, it's insane.
It's almost like it's designed to destroy society like if you wanted to destroy a society That's how you would do it.
Yeah, it's pretty fucked up.
And then, and if I keep telling people, if America falls, I think the whole world will fall.
The rest of the world will fall.
Yeah, maybe that's the plan.
It's where would you go?
[2:01:00] Right.
There's no place that has this kind of freedom.
Leave America, where would you go?
It's like it would have be it's It's tough to pick a place.
I Used to think Australia, but then I saw how they handled the pandemic and was like oh fuck that Well, that's what happens when no one has guns yep the army just rolls in and tells you what to do and put you in concentration camps because you have a cold Like crazy.
Where would you go?
It's like that's the question I ask my kids and let them think for a little bit and it's we're in America you're gonna go because outside man it's tough.
Yeah it's a tough world out there.
Yeah well a person like yourself that's been everywhere you really kind of do understand that this is a special place.
We're very fortunate to be here.
And second, that's why I defended.
Yeah, I'm pro police.
Pro army, me too.
Yeah, I defend the cops and the army and, yeah, what's also from Jiu Jitsu, [2:02:03] we know a lot of police officers.
We know a lot of army people.
We know a lot of police officers we know a lot of army people we know a lot of military people because they're always training yes and traveling the way I travel I'm not home to defend my family so who is going to defend them right it's the police so I mean favor of them yes well I try to help them out as much as I can.
Yeah.
Who is gonna defend this?
They're gonna be the police, the army, they're gonna defend if some crazy country decide to invade us.
So I'm gonna be the average Jordan next to next door.
They're gonna come over and no You gotta be Joe Rogan to get his bow and be rumble out there.
Shooting bows at nine yards under yards.
I hope you like, I'll wait until they get on your clothes.
Well maybe that's the Arches Club.
[2:03:01] You practice your long range shots.
Yeah, too far.
How weighed a little bit.
Well, listen, hoist, you're a legend.
And it was a great running into you at the UFC.
I'm so glad we got a chance to talk to each other.
Because I've been wanting to make contact with you, get you on the podcast for a long time.
I'm glad we finally did it, man.
And I appreciate you very much.
and when the school opens up in Florida you gotta come over fuck yeah I'll come I'll come choke me out once once sounds good thank you brother I appreciate you very much thank you all right bye everybody
================================================================================
Episode Title: #2150 - Greg Overton
Transcript:
What's up?
What's up, man?
Good to see you, my friend.
I'm doing good to see you.
Pull up to the microphone so other people can hear.
People can hear me and see me.
Have you ever done a podcast?
Yeah, you have done a podcast.
I've listened to you on podcast.
I've done.
Oh you do?
Yeah listen to you on some pot.
I was shooting arrows in my backyard and some podcast came up and it's a Greg over time.
I'm like get the fuck out of here.
My man.
See I'm doing all kinds of shit.
Yeah.
My boy Justin who's from Pittsburgh.
What's up Justin?
He does the Curious Jones podcast and we also do those zippos.
He does those so lit zips Curious Jones podcast.
He's cool dude.
We got one of those right here.
Yeah the black dragon the samurai Yeah, this is the samurai that we have outside next to the did you see the actual samurai armor?
Yeah Crazy and the sword and the sword.
The sword is even old in the armor.
The armor is from the 1800s but the sword is from the 1500s.
So is that that's right before the Sengoku Gdai the time of the country at war the 300 years where they're at war.
I'm trying to think that it began in the 1500s.
I don't.
Can you look that up, those?
Sin Goku G die.
Pull that microphone up.
Keep it like a fist from your face.
There you go.
Yeah.
All right.
So I first found out about, I don't even remember what year it was, man.
I remember I was with my family.
I was in Salt Lake and we were walking by this gallery and there was this fucking dope painting.
It's huge painting of this Native American guy with a buffalo skull that had a bullet hole in the head.
And I was like, God, Dan, I was trying to figure out where can I put that, where can I put that fucking thing?
And I snoozed, I snoozed and I lose.
And then he got a lot of fun.
[2:01] That's what I do lose.
That was the, you know.
But that dude is an interesting story.
And I'll just tell you like, I had, I was shown with this other gallery for a long time that that same painting was like in the back room and they weren't really giving me my props, which is what people will do if they just wanna kinda keep you at a certain level.
They'll, They do that to keep your prices down?
They do that so you don't leave the gallery so you don't get too big for the gallery.
Oh, so you don't go off on your own like you did.
But no, I'm loyal as fuck dude, I'm still at the galleries that were cool.
You know what I mean?
If the people hook me up, I'm gonna hook them up, I'm gonna stay there, you know You know what I mean?
But I just wasn't getting my due at this other gallery, so I decided how long have you been painting for at the time?
I mean, professionally, I think about 16 years.
Wow.
But I've been doing it since I was a kid, semi-professionally.
Just always.
Yeah, always doing art.
And when did you get, I wanna say obsessed, [3:02] that's the right word, right?
When I was born.
With Native American culture.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, from the time you were little.
There was books in my grandparents' house.
Like, one of them was called Fighting Indians of the West.
And then there was like, uh, Russell and Remington books, the painters.
Uh-huh.
And so I just look at these photos of like, sitting bull and, bull and I'm gonna say crazy horse but no photos of crazy horse but like Geronimo and shit like that and I just saw a look in there.
I like a wild person.
Somebody who wasn't trapped by the system.
You know what I mean?
And as a little kid I just knew that was I knew that was better.
I knew it was powerful.
I just really loved that culture.
Just connected to it.
Yeah.
It is so fascinating that so many Native Americans who got captured and put into the reservation systems then eventually like integrated with Western culture, [4:00] fucking hated it.
But when Western people, either when they were young, if they got kidnapped, or if they integrated with the tribes, like a lot of trappers and a lot of people integrated with the tribes, when they tried to bring them back to Western society, they all wanted to leave.
They're like, get me the fuck out of here.
I don't want to do this.
It's like, we have this idea that cities, and especially back then, I mean you're talking about cities in the 1800s, that somehow or another it was better.
We always have the idea that progress in terms of like what's going on right now is better than what was going on before.
We always have that in our head that we're doing it there.
It doesn't seem to ring true to the human spirit.
There's something about human beings that they absolutely prefer that life Yeah, I mean it's dude you are more of a human being if you're living that life If you're living a life in a city where you have to go do something you don't want to do and you have to go hang out with people [5:05] You really it's like your tribe is your tribe you belong there is a totally just simpler better more real way of life.
I think that thing that you just said too about your tribe because Too many people today their tribe is not someone they chose their tribe is just people that they're stuck with because they're working with them.
You know, if you're working, like if you're a, say if you're a married person, you're a married couple and you both work.
You're both with other people at least eight hours a day.
How long are you together?
You're together for a few hours at night and then you go to sleep.
Yeah.
You're tired.
It's not a quality way of life.
What's not the people you chose is the people that your occupation chose or the opportunity for employment chose.
And then you got to deal with these fucking schmucks in your office.
I've been very fortunate.
[6:00] I never had a work in an office my whole life.
A dodged office life.
But I've had a lot of people that are worked with the right fucking annoying man Just they just got in your way they're always there There is the fucking imposing their bullshit on you and if you're a person that works in an office Especially if you have a bunch of bosses the boss employee relationship is so often abused It's such an abusive The boss employee relationship is so often abused.
It's such an abusive place to be where you have this person that gets to tell you what to do and make you sometimes work on weekends and make you like stay over time and upset at you if you do X, Y or Z, which has no, forces you to have the same ideological beliefs as them, forces you to have the same political beliefs as them.
Crazy, dude, reminds me of that movie, Office Space.
Yes, exactly.
That's why I think our country is almost like, right now, is that motherfucker Milton?
[7:00] You remember him?
Who's like, they're always kind of pushing him to the side, seeing how much shit he'll put up with a stapler guy, right?
That's Steven root.
Yeah, that's my man where he's he's just like Put how much shit will these motherfuckers put up with yeah, and that's your that's your life in an office But you're and your taught as a kid going to high school like if you do a good job here You get to have an office job.
That's what you're fucking shooting for.
Yeah.
And then you're working all day at school to try to do that.
It's very complicated, man.
Trying to get through the education aspect of your childhood and the indoctrination aspect, because that's what it is.
It's indoctrinating you into believing that the only way that you can get by in this life is to become a part of this exact same system.
So, this is why school is structured like that.
I mean, it's structured like that to teach you, but it's also structured like that where you're sitting down in front of people all day long learning things that you don't want to learn, being forced to be [8:01] immobile when you're a child and you're literally just a hummingbird of energy.
I don't know.
Those little desks.
Yeah, it's so bad for you.
Inside fluorescent lights when I was a kid, terrible for you, the whole thing bad for you.
Bad feeling.
I couldn't wait to run away from it.
Everything, every fiber of my being was opposed to it, but they had everyone convinced that if you didn't do this this way, you're going to be a fucking loser.
And that's what I was convinced.
I was convinced I was going to be a loser.
So I was like, I got to figure out a way to make money outside of regular jobs because I'm a fucking loser.
I can't do a regular job.
I got to do a loser job.
I have to be a loser.
I have to be a construction worker.
I have to do something else.
I have to do something that's outside the norm because I just, I can't fucking do this.
I can't sit down.
I can't, I have too much energy.
I'm so bored.
And it's also a terrible way to learn things.
Like the best way to learn things is things you enjoy.
[9:01] Things you enjoy.
And then if you learn that you do something that you enjoy and you really get good at it you go oh I can apply that to everything I can apply that to all things but they don't teach you that they teach you you got a fucking sit still you got to pay attention you got to memorize some nonsense you got to do some shit do these fucking calculations that make no sense to you like you got to you got to memorize these fucking calculations that make no sense to you?
Like you gotta memorize these fucking people, a distorted version of the actual history, you know, which is almost always what they're teaching.
Some weird distortion written by the winners.
Yeah.
And if you don't do that, you're a loser.
We have such a goofy society.
Yeah, that's, but dude, we made it and we fucking, we were born into it.
Well, I mean, we, like our ancestors made it.
But I think they were, maybe they were trying to do the right thing.
Maybe they had good intentions.
Maybe we don't know.
But it turns out it's fucking stupid.
Why do we keep doing it?
I think it's industry tricked everybody.
[10:01] Industry gave people jobs, jobs are easy.
You know, you need to feed people, you need to eat, you need to have a roof over your head.
Okay, here's a job this way I can get a roof over my head, especially these people that came over like my grandparents did.
They came over from Italy.
It's like these fuck it.
They didn't know what the hell was going on.
They didn't know what was going on, you know everybody gets a job.
You gotta get a job.
And I'm gonna get the go, get a job, get a job, you gotta eat.
Because the reality of life then, in the 1920s, everybody was fucking starving to death.
People were starving, do the way to 100 pounds.
No one had food.
It was a real possibility that you could starve to death in America.
People like real poor, real poor in like the 1920s.
And so they all just did it, and now we're still doing it.
And everyone's fucking miserable.
And then everyone gets to, not everyone, obviously you're not miserable, I'm not miserable.
Well like the people that have dodged it.
Everyone stuck in that trap, it's miserable.
They fucking hate their bosses, they hate the corporation.
[11:00] Can't wait to get out and talk shit about them?
And they're like their pissed off and people that got out of it.
Oh yeah.
Or people that are free of it.
They don't like people that are free of it.
I was having this conversation with my kids about like podcasters and influencers.
They were talking about this girl.
She's making millions of dollars.
And that's not.
Here's how you have to think about that.
It seems ridiculous that she's doing that, but she has a product.
Whatever that product is, she's making videos or TikToks or what have you.
Someone's consuming that product.
She's a business person.
It's just the business is ridiculously easy to get into, and the product is nonsense.
But the biggest.
But you got a hand at durfersel and some bullshit.
She got lucky.
She got born in the right time.
I mean, if that lady was born in the 1970s, she'd be fucked.
Yeah.
But she's not, you know?
But then you also have to deal with like from a psychologist perspective, if you talk to a psychologist about growing up in this time, it's one of the most challenging times.
Because people are inundated by these people driving cars you couldn't imagine driving, living [12:06] in these crazy homes, flashing money, wearing all these designer clothes, everybody's got a filter on so their skin looks perfect, they look way more beautiful than they do in real life.
And you're like, God damn, like what is life?
Like what do I have to aspire to?
Like what am I looking for?
Like what do I get out of this?
You don't have meaning, you don't have a sense of belonging that you make a difference.
That's a fucking empty sad life, dude.
Yeah, it's a suck life.
As opposed to the life that you're living, a life of an artist, like a life that you know, you will labor at these pieces that you make and then people stand in front of them and go oh like do that one that you made for me the the one with the guys got all the the face paint like like a gray and black face paint on do you know the one I'm talking about yeah yes dude that one [13:02] that one's in my library when people walk in there to go oh shit I'm really yeah, right look at that thing.
You stare at that painting You stare it for hours like whoa so much huge.
There's so much going on in it That's what you have to do if you're gonna actually say I'm an artist It has to stop motherfuckers in their tracks and kind of wake them up a little bit and then they can't even stop thinking about it the rest of the day because it's like.
Has anybody ever done that to a Jackson Pollock?
I mean not unless they're on a lot of drugs.
Maybe that's what I'm missing.
Maybe it's like a dead concert.
I didn't take nothing.
I'm just kidding.
Yeah, dude.
I got a half on the track.
Oh, I guarantee that dead sounds way better if you're frying.
Oh, I bet if you're frying, it's amazing.
I bet it's amazing.
But can you find that painting, Jamie?
Oh, that's one that I have.
I don't know if you're talking about soul catcher or dreamer.
Yeah, soul catcher.
I I have that one in my house too.
That one's dope too.
The one that's the one.
[14:06] Brat.
So catch.
And that thing is massive.
That's a massive painting.
It's huge.
And it's sitting in my library.
You can't really see all the detail on it that good because it's like a J-Pig and it's kind of, when you blow it up you can't see as much.
Yeah, it's not that high resolution.
But you know when you look at the snake scales, dude.
Oh the snake scales, but really the thing that it gets me is always his face.
Just the close up of his face with all the paint and the cracked paint.
Fuck, I love that painting.
Yeah.
You put your soul into it and it speaks.
It's alive.
Yeah, it speaks.
It's alive.
Yeah, it speaks.
That one speaks.
That one speaks.
I mean, that's what art is.
It's speaking without words.
It's communicating through this.
I mean, it's the most archaic language that we have, like those cave drawings and stuff.
[15:00] Probably language wasn't that advanced when they were doing that, but they wanted to say something profound.
You know what I mean?
Like they didn't have like books and poems and all that.
They weren't advanced as far as writing stuff down.
So they'd write it down in a like a pictograph.
And that's how they would communicate those deeper truths.
And if you look at those cave drawings, they're always, they have the same themes.
You know, have you looked at those?
You don't talk about them.
if you look at those cave drawings they're always they have the same themes you know have you looked at those you know a lot of them yeah they have a hunter and he's kind of with the animals they're going along and then there's like this big tom of the fucker with a space helmet on this a lot of this yeah this a lot of explain that yeah yeah I mean I don't know if if I have to you have to just look at the fucking thing They explained it well.
I don't know what that means, you know, I really don't I could they could have been tripping balls Yeah, or it could be that when you're tripping balls you meet those folks and they're real yeah That's what I was gonna say.
I was like it's same with grateful dead Yeah, I'm off and thought about that about [16:07] UFO I'm often thought about that about UFO experiences because I think maybe it's like a state of mind There's a state of mind that you you can achieve and you can see them You know not me not if they're not there clearly, but I think If they're not here.
Yeah, then they're there, but even if they're not I mean they're not there all the time right the idea if they're, if there's something that's traveling here, but might also be that they know.
It's interdimensional though.
Yeah.
That's what a lot of people think.
It's so hard to know because it's like, it's such a multi-faceted story, right?
Because it's laced with bullshit.
Because people are bullshitters, right?
So everyone bullshits, they distort something to make it more interesting, they twist it up in their own mind.
Even your own memory is absolutely terrible.
Because you always wanna make yourself be the hero.
Yeah, or if you're like self-loathing, make yourself be a piece of shit.
You're the villain.
Yeah, you can do that too, but it's also, [17:01] it's just not reliable, right?
So then you have this shocking thing, where you're not exactly sure what happened.
And then your body starts filling in, or your mind starts filling in the blanks with like a lot of nonsense.
And then you start telling it to people over and over again.
And then after a while, your memory is of the memory of you telling it.
And barely even of the UFO experience itself, it's like you've told it this way for a certain amount of times.
So you kind of keep repeating it.
Yeah.
And like, what is the motivation there?
Is it now just a store you tell to get attention?
What makes you better?
Yeah.
You're a special person.
They'll talk to me.
Yeah.
We have to always be careful of anything that makes you special.
Anything that makes you a special person.
What makes you special?
Did you really see Bigfoot?
Or are you just a fucking loser?
You know, like what's going on here?
Are you fucking just a fucking...
Are you even special because you saw Bigfoot?
Is he just special because he...
I don't know.
I think Bigfoot might be one of them things too.
I think maybe, I struggled with the idea that everyone's lying.
[18:01] I really do.
But I also struggled with the idea of this unknown bipedal hominid that's eight feet tall.
Like where is it shitting?
Where is it eating?
Where's its bones?
No one's seen it on a trail camera?
How's that possible?
But why would everybody be lying?
But maybe it's smart.
Maybe it fucking digs toilets.
I don't know.
No chance.
Well there's no chance it's so smart that it knows what a tram camera is, but it never made its own trail camera.
No chance.
No chance it doesn't get photographed.
So, it has Wi-Fi, shit.
No.
Too many people go into the back country.
You know, all my friends that really go deep into the back country, like my friends like Aaron Snyder, he, you know, he does these crazy back country hunts.
It'll go like 26 miles in with everything on his back.
And they hunt for weeks, weeks at a time.
I hate that.
None of those guys have stories like that.
None of them.
Not one.
Only the people that are nervous in the woods that don't understand the woods.
I saw Squirrel once and for a couple of seconds, [19:01] I thought it was a wolf.
Was it a wolf?
Carl Carl was a wolf when he's by my legs.
Carl was a wolf about 14,000 years ago.
They turned that into Carl.
No, I think you're right.
But you know what I'm saying?
There's bears that stand up on two legs.
They do that all the time.
People see that in between the trees.
You think you saw Bigfoot.
But then I wonder about just the heightened state of mind that you're in when you're in the forest and you're scared, because you've been the woods before.
For people that haven't, I really recommend it, because it's so humbling.
There's something about just the undeniable vulnerability that you have and that you don't really mean that much.
You might think you mean a lot, but you're just a part of this massive system that's going on, this massive system of life.
And if you're in that, and this is a new experience for you, and then you start freaking out, and then you think you saw something, and your brain goes into overdrive.
[20:03] When your mind starts pattern forming, you start looking for things you've heard about Bigfoot.
Nice start seeing Bigfoot, you know?
Bigfoot.
Yeah.
I think there's a little bit of that.
I'm sure a lot of people do.
If they're getting drunk, they're maybe they're smoking little weed or whatever.
I mean, God.
But then again, maybe if you are drunk or smoking a little weed, maybe you can hit that spot.
Maybe there's a frequency that you can hit where that motherfucker's really layered.
I mean, I think it was cool to believe in.
It was very cool.
If it was real, it would be really cool.
Some people are all in.
You can't even talk about that.
They needed a hobby.
I got a cell, some fucking T-shirt,shirts man.
Just a lot of that like finding big foot.
Yeah, that show hilarious like how do they pull that off for like three or four eight fucking seasons and finding big foot Av it might still be going on they really wanted to find you can just keep there's a certain amount of slack job [21:01] People me included that would just sit in front of that and just like I didn't amount of slack job people, me included, that would just sit in front of that and just like this.
Did they do that?
Did they do that?
Like the River monster show.
Oh shit.
With the River monster show, that guy's fishing.
Fishing's fun.
He's just fishing.
That's just crazy, oh he just jumps down in the fucking swamp and just brings up this big demon of a fish.
Big tiger fish, that tiger fish an africa with the giant I think of what I do that when I jump out with the fuck man if you grow up, you grow up so they ended and they re-brought it back as the uh...
the search continues we couldn't think of a better fucking title than the bullshit continues there's also bigfoot finding bigfoot further evidence no further evidence you got none and that's the evidence that's the fuck away far out there it's basically printing money as long as the people that are like on the TV show don't get cocky think they deserve more money he's behind it they're never going to find me [22:00] if anybody gets cocky you might have to bring in new researchers but then the researchers have to be accepted by the research community as a legitimate Bigfoot research.
Legitimate bass?
Yes.
We don't tolerate outsiders here, Greg.
That's a job title.
No, I'm a legitimate bigfoot researcher.
Bigfoot research.
Not like those bullshit Bigfoot researchers.
Just be research and bullshit.
You know what's interesting?
Duncan and I went, we hung out with bigfoot researchers when I did that TV show for sci-fi called Joe Rogan Questions Everything.
We went and hung out with these bigfoot people.
And at the end you realize it's just like, oh you guys just need a community.
This is a community.
Just need some friends.
And it's a fun thing to think about.
And the thing about the Pacific Northwest, it's like the woods up there if you haven't been, it's like a box of Q-tips.
You can't see shit through that.
You can't see 30 feet, 40 feet.
You can't see anything.
It's just fucking trees like everywhere.
[23:02] And how much does mushrooms have to do with big foot like there's a lot of mushrooms growing up Yeah, you're gonna see a whole bunch of shit.
You can see elves.
Yeah elves big foot like leprechaun Santa Claus Santa Claus This big party go right off.
Yeah, take some chairs and hang out with big foot and the elves Santa Claus Well then again like what is happening there?
Are you seeing things that aren't there?
Or are you seeing things that are there that you can't see under normal circumstances?
Well, dude, I think it's the latter.
I think it's, if they weren't there, you wouldn't be able to perceive them and those substances just help you to perceive things because you're too busy over here all the time in that fucking brain wave circuit that you're kind of trapped in right here, this reality tunnel, this stuff over here, there's blinders, you can't see it.
The only way, like what happens when you take those substances, you're fucking pupils.
[24:03] Dial it, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom Yeah.
And then all of a sudden, dude, I remember the first time that I really took a whole bunch of shrooms when I was a kid me and a bunch of my friends like we just got a hold of some bunch of money.
I'm not going to get into that.
How that happened.
You know, long story short, we turned this money into a big bag of mushrooms and we all went down to the bowling alley and ate a whole bunch of them and just cruise around you know tried to go bowling that didn't work out and just shroomed out and by the end of the night we're looking at the money that we still had and everybody's were you know we had a bunch of weed we're passing around balls and shrooming out and we're looking at the money and we're looking at the buildings going the fucking system has us trapped With this money.
Let's tear it up.
Oh, yeah, which I was there with you.
Yeah, we start tearing it up Everybody all my friends are listening to this are gonna be like he's yeah, dude.
We're all there because there's probably like eight of us all My he's tearing up your money tearing up our money money.
You think it was [25:02] We had a fuck ton of money, because we just, I was a little shit when I was a kid, so I...
We don't need specifics.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, I mean, right.
So anyway.
It was enough money that it was a stupid thing to do.
We were little kids, no, it's, you know, we paid for it later, we got ripping up $10 bills.
Is that 80s?
Oh, $10 bucks.
Yeah.
And the next day you'd put it back in your pocket.
We'd be in it for a while.
You're like, yeah, what do I fuck with?
I do it.
But I think I was right.
I could have went to Jimmy Johnson with this.
Yeah, it's like, but I think you did today.
Like the fact that I saw that and I started doing all those, you know, drugs and crazy shit when I was young is what led me here.
And I was getting a bunch of shit for it when I was a kid and people were saying, what are you doing art?
Because I wanted to do that since I was a kid.
That's what I was wanting to do for my career.
Like album covers, comic books, shit like that.
And if you're like, no, you're crazy.
You're never gonna fucking do anything with art.
[26:07] But I think just being like a rebel, an outcast, that helped me.
That made it possible.
Well, it's the only way.
You know, if you're a person that has like some crazy corporate job and you get locked into that thing, it's gonna be very difficult for you to break out and become an artist.
Yeah.
Although I actually did work for the government, for the feds, for a while.
Which is...
I was an artist.
No, I was a graphics guy for OSHA, for the occupational safety and health administration.
So what did you do?
Like what was...
I designed all the little pamphlets in shit.
Like what?
Don't put your hand on the machine.
Don't carry stuff like this.
Don't do this.
And then they'd have me edit pictures of people that got electrocuted and got their faces blown off.
And say try to make this a little less bloody.
Oh god damn it.
And yeah, that made me rethink.
Bro, there's so many videos [27:01] that Instagram people getting caught machines.
You wanna know the worst one?
The stupidest one that I ever saw was three dudes wanted to get high at work.
They were asphalt layers and they're like, let's jump in the asphalt.
No.
Mixer.
They fucking jumped in there to smoke a joint.
All of them died like three dudes.
Oh god.
Because asphalt is deadly.
Yeah, it's toxic if you breathe it.
It's terrible for you.
Oh my god.
But I mean, I had to kind of get into the system before I started trying to do tattoos.
Because I had young kids and stuff.
I had to, and it's hard to get into the art business.
So I had to try to do that.
But then 9-11 came along and we lost our contract because all the money went to military shit.
And so I had to just make another plan.
I tried to tattoo for a while.
That didn't work out and then got into fine art from there.
How did you get into tattooing?
[28:00] How do you even practice that?
Do you practice on like pig skin?
No, I practice on myself.
Yeah.
But a friend of mine, actually, from Big Deluxe, tattoo, best shop in Salt Lake, and also Anthony Begonne, what's up Anthony?
Didn't forget you.
But yeah, so I worked at Big Deluxe for a while.
My friend Rich runs that shop, and he's like just a total gangster of tattooing and runs just a Real tight ship I had print us there for a while Accidentally kicked my manager in the face and got fired.
How'd you do that?
Well, there's a bar next door that we always would go to after work and as over there just drunk as fuck and there's some Dude in there that like was trying to fight me or something He's like I'm gonna kick your ass and so I was like all right go outside.
I'm gonna finish my beer I'm gonna I'll be out there in a minute and I was training lots of Muay Thai at the time So I was you know I was ready like whatever and so I walk out the door and my friends hold the door open And I was like, where's this dude that is trying to kick my ass?
And he's like, [29:06] right here my fucker, he takes a swing.
I mean, whoo!
And I barely ducked it, went down the sidewalk.
I was like, all right, let's go.
And I thought as soon as he gets with and range, I'm just going to hit him with that high kick.
Right.
Right.
And so messed it.
And you hit your boss.
Because he was going, breaking up.
I didn't even see him.
Oh no.
He was running out of the shop because he saw us going by the sidewalk.
The windows right there, he was like, oh Greg, come on.
And he goes like this, seriously.
Just hands out.
So you went full rotation on the high kick.
Good job.
It would have been good.
Yeah, good technique.
I mean, like I said, I got to trade some good Muay Thai and Utah.
There was a couple good schools there when I was young.
We were tall dude too.
Yeah, good long kicks.
So that was my thing.
If I could get you in.
If I could get you in the kick, you say good night.
So you fired you for that?
Well, I thought you were trying to hit him [30:05] instead of hitting the other guy.
Yeah, they probably still do.
I didn't fucking do it, Mike.
Well, how hammered were you though?
Shit hammered.
So fucking hammered.
I couldn't even see that.
So I was like, I'm just gonna throw out the long kick and take them out, you know?
You know, but then I thought because a dude still standing there like juggernaut and I thought I hit him with my best kick So I'm like this dude has to go oh no, so I then I'm like all right Jude over you I tossed him on to the concrete and I started to you know that when you have like a scarf hold and With your leg though, so I was pushing out the hip, getting ready to break his shoulder, and his fucking girlfriend kicked me in the face because she was watching the fight.
That's probably what the ground game in the street, bro.
Always, dude.
And so he scurries away, and I ran over and grabbed and I was like, no, you don't put on a car.
I was dropping elbows on him.
[31:01] And then she wasn't done yet.
This dude's girlfriend was bad as she fished out to me and it's like I ripped up my cheek and now somehow I got her fucking finger out of my mouth and then I was like I'm just gonna kill this motherfucker now he's gonna be no good to you at all and then just you know hit him with a bunch of knees and damn bar fights are stupid.
That was long long time ago like I was well You know it all worked out.
Yeah isn't it funny how those doors close Yeah, closing your life new door opens well I called I called up the next day and I was like dude.
I'm gonna be a little late every just like no You're gonna be a little fired motherfucker You kicked my in the face.
Oh no, I did not.
I did not.
Oh no.
So, but everybody's laughing about it now.
I'm sure those guys will get a kick out of seeing this.
No, we're like, oh, we're dead.
Street fights are so stupid.
Please folks, if you listen, don't do it.
[32:01] Don't do it.
We all could have died.
We all could have died.
We all could have died.
Definitely good to have died.
And even the person who kills you, they wish they didn't do it.
Don't do it.
No, I know people that have accidentally killed people on street fights and stuff.
There's a guy who is a pedophile who just got caught the other day.
There's a bunch of these videos where these guys, they bait pedophiles, like they bait them on social media like the old show To catch a predator.
Yeah, there's a bunch guys doing that on YouTube, right?
And this one guy got caught I only watched the clip of the guy getting punched and some guy walks up to him I think the dude is wearing a mask and he has said something like I got kids mother fucker and he soccer punched this dude in the head And the dude fought he's an old I got kids motherfucker and he soccer punched this dude in the head and the dude fought, he's an old guy too and he falls and you hear that bang of his head bouncing off the sidewalk I'm like oh my god that guy's fucked and I'm pretty sure he's dead.
I'm pretty sure he died which happens.
I tried to follow up too, I don't know if I can do it.
[33:01] Yeah you heard about it too right?
Yeah so this is it I'm not gonna show it on so show real quick.
I don't know if we can oh it's illegal I don't it's not our content.
Okay.
Oh, okay.
Well don't show it on the screen then yeah right there Bam he's dead that dude Bounces his head off and the other guy runs off But the sound of that guy's head hitting a concrete is just hard Oh, bro.
And that's how people die.
Well, you people don't realize how strong they are if they fucking hit someone.
You're a full grown man, you know?
Did you Google it whether or not he's dead?
This is the follow up right here.
That's a video though.
Did you Google it?
I mean, I read a story that said he died in the hospital.
Oh, check.
I guess I did.
How long ago was this?
Five days ago.
Yeah, I think I read a story much more recently than he died in the hospital.
I don't know if that's true though.
Because you know, like everything is just for clicks now.
Like Bill Marge pointed this up, that there was an article that said there's a 300% rise in measles in the United States.
[34:01] Do you know how many cases that is?
35.
300 from nothing?
Yeah many cases that is?
35.
Ah!
300 from nothing.
Yeah, well that is...
I don't know anybody with measles.
I don't think I've ever met anyone with measles.
It's very rare these days, you know?
But the fact that they wrote that in an article, a 300% rise in measles, and everybody goes and do a hot panic, and then you find out it's that funny.
But see, that's why, like, back Like back in the day, maybe in the fucking 50s or something, wouldn't they have jumped on that shit if it was in the newspaper we found out about it?
You lie on the fucking day.
There's just so many people bullshitting these days and we let them get away with it.
Yeah, and they've been bullshitting since the beginning.
That's how we distilled illegal.
We distilled illegal because of William Randolph Hearst, who ran Hearst publications and William Randolph Hearst is the guy who started printing those stories in the paper about marijuana.
Marijuana was the name for Wild Mexican Tobacco.
It was a slang for a Wild Mexican Tobacco.
Cannabis was like well, well known.
And so they started saying it was a new drug called marijuana, and it was causing Mexicans [35:02] and black guys to rape white people.
Because they would use it after work because they weren't drinking.
No, it wasn't real They were they were calling it that because they were trying to get killed I'm saying they would actually get high.
They were trying to do anything They were trying to get marijuana to be illegal because they wanted hemp out of business for paper That's what it was for nylon Yes, nylon DuPont had come up with the patent for nylon And then there was also paper mills like William Randolph Hearst owned Forrests that they would cut down to make trees see he owned paper mills as well and hemp paper was a superior paper And so when they came out with a decorticator, which is a machine that was much better at processing hemp fiber And they had it in popular mechanics magazine So they started this campaign against hemp by creating this boogie man of a drug called marijuana that made people crazy Just so that was the news.
Yeah, so that's the newspapers in the 30s man So they've been doing this shit forever.
They've been doing the same fucking thing forever.
I wonder if there is ever a time [36:04] When the the media and the information was like working for us like the, you know what I mean?
I think there's been people that have been working for us, but there's always been stories that were like heavily influenced by the intelligence community and by, you know, special interest groups and it's always been the case, man.
Journalists have always been on the take a certain percentage of them Yeah, there's a certain percentage of journalists that are just bullsharists.
They're not They are as people yeah, yeah, yeah That's it all they are and they're people doing a job like that's their job they work at this place It says hey, I want you to Concoct this fucking story.
Yeah, they have to do it.
It's the same thing as like, dude, I think the whole fucking problem with the government is lobbyists.
When I was a little kid and I was super patriotic, like I was a little kid and I love the Constitution.
I think it's just as so cool that the checks and balances and the way the thing is supposed to work is amazing.
Awesome.
But then I heard about the lobbyists.
[37:02] And I remember as probably a 10 or 12 year old kid going what and And the teacher would say yeah, yeah, it's uh their job To go and try to influence our Senators and I'm like that don't seem right and what do they do they take them to lunch and they buy them shit To fucking convince them to make okay get those motherfuckers out of there and then we're good Because then all they got to do is answer to me and I'm the one paying them They're trying to get extra fucking money.
That's the same thing as if I was like You know working for a gallery and then selling art on the side or some shit You can't do that.
I mean you could and you know what happens what, and like customers will come up to you and say, I saw your shit at a gallery and I wanna buy it directly from you.
And so then it's on you.
Is that, do you have a deal like with a gallery where like if you have your stuff up in the gallery that they have to sell your stuff only through that gallery?
[38:03] I mean, does it vary?
Well, yeah, because sometimes you have to, you sign an exclusive and then some galleries will front you a bunch of money.
So every deal is different.
But right now I do, I don't sign exclusive deals.
I just say, you know, you show my stuff.
I still sell a ton on my own, on my own.
But you do that now because you're established.
Yeah.
But if they see it in the gallery and they come to me and they say we saw it in the gallery We've only seen it there then I'll try to get the sale to go through the gallery to actually still cut them in yeah Because that's not really right.
Right.
That's right.
That's the way to do it because they saw it in the gallery That's the whole benefit of the working relationship of you being in a gallery.
Yeah, I that's how I found you.
Gallery's always surprised when you do it, but when you bought the painting, you invited from me, you had to go through the gallery, right?
But I could have said, bro, fuck the gallery, just buy from me.
Yeah, but that wouldn't be cool.
Right, exactly.
In that sense, I understand what you're saying.
But is there a situation with some artists where they have their pieces up in a gallery and they're not even allowed to be commissioned to make a piece outside of the gallery.
[39:12] I think if they have an exclusive contract and they've fronted you money and if you come to them and say, hey, I have a soldane thing, can you front me some more money and they're going to take care of you?
Okay.
So it's the fronting the money is the issue.
Or the hardly ever happens.
Okay.
Like that's it.
So for the most part, like say if I went into gallery and I saw some piece and it was really dope and they connected me to the artist and I get her email and I contact her and I said, hey I really love this.
I'm thinking of something along this theme.
Can I contract you to do something like that?
Can I commission you to do something like that?
And they say yes.
Which you still have to go through the gallery, you think?
What do you think the right thing to do is, though, for the artist?
I think the right thing, if you find out about it through the galleries, probably go through the gallery.
And then that makes sense.
Yeah.
And then like the gallery knows your loyal.
Yeah.
Also galleries are dope.
We want to keep them open.
[40:00] I fucking love going to galleries.
I just love seeing all the different, I just love different people's expressions, you know?
Whether it's the music or through painting or illustration or sculpture, whatever it is.
I'm just interested in the things people create.
And so if there's a place we can go and it's all just shit that people created, like I'm all in.
Yeah, I love galleries.
We need more of that.
Yes, we need more of that.
Yes.
You know.
We need more of that.
We need more encouraging people to create things.
You know, it's a very valuable commodity that's seen as frivolous until it's not.
It's seen as no big deal until it's worth hundreds of thousands of dollars.
It's a very strange world.
It is, but like, I mean, when you think about it, it's like, what we were talking about earlier how this system is so much bullshit and it's so dry and fucking empty and there's just nothing to it but they have to slot you in and make you fucking tow the line and your life so fucking boring and shit but if you get into art whatever art it is where that's your music at least you have a solace of some kind that you can come home to.
So what I aspired to do was to provide [41:08] powerful stuff that people that like they're out there doing crazy shit all day like you, doing stuff that's affecting the world.
Like they got a bunch of stuff on their mind all the time.
But just for one minute they look at that painting and they're like Now I know why I remember why I'm doing all this it's for the spirit It's for the the essence of life.
It's to try to make life better for all of us Yeah, you know, that's what art is really supposed to do is try to communicate to you that like you do matter We all matter we all matter together and we're not actually separate because if you can relate to this and I can relate to this, maybe we can forget about all the bullshit that they're trying to make us fight about and just fucking check out a show.
Yeah, absolutely.
We matter to each other.
That's what's really important.
Even if you think you don't matter in the great scheme of things, like when people get [42:02] real morose and they start thinking about life as being futile and there's no reason It's why go on and Generally that's people that are disconnected from other people They don't have anybody like real close that they can hang out with that they love Yeah, you know and people need that in life.
It's You need you need a tribe.
Yeah, you do where we're tribal people You need a tribe like your do.
We're tribal people.
You need a tribe like your family should be your tribe, your friends should be your tribe.
You need groups.
And that's a wonderful life.
That's a joy-filled life.
If you can have a life filled with people that you enjoy hanging out with.
If you can do it right.
Yeah.
And those people that think that they don't matter, that they are alone, you know, don't underestimate the potential you have to actually affect people's lives.
Sure.
You can turn it around too.
How you feel right now is horrible and as dark as it seems.
That's not how you're going to feel always.
[43:01] You just have to trust in this process.
And you got to do something.
It was a funny little Instagram clip that I put on my stories the other day.
This lady was talking about how she feels down and then someone asked her, uh, did you get enough sleep?
Nope.
Have you been exercising?
Nope.
Have you been eating?
Well, nope.
Have you gone outside?
Nope.
Have you stayed off your phone?
Nope.
Okay.
Why should you feel good?
Exactly.
But that's our best.
As I say, I'm broke.
Did you go to work?
You can save your money.
Right.
Do you have people in your life that you love?
Do you have a thing that you do that you love?
If you don't have those things, you're going to have a rough time of it.
You know, that's what we love.
And if you don't have those things, you're in a tough spot.
And, you know, the cold heart truth is for a lot of people, you have to be someone worthy of other people's appreciation, too.
Like, what have you done?
Who are you?
What, you know, what, what, what's your character [44:02] like?
What do you like when you talk to people?
Are you nice?
Are you fun?
Are you good to be around?
Do you complain a lot?
You know and you want the world to be better, but you complain all the time.
You're just a fucking Debbie downer Is that what you are?
Because guess what?
Nobody wants to be around you and you're gonna be depressed now and you're making people feel like shit You got to get out of that whatever mindset spiral you're in and Come up with a better way to interface with humanity.
Yeah, because it's all about perspective, dude.
You know, like you could, I was walking around Austin earlier today.
I've never been here before.
I was just taking a walk.
Is your first trip?
Yeah.
Nice.
Like I don't, I go to like art towns for shows.
It's all about business when I travel.
I'm just doing shows and going home and making more paintings But just walking around a little bit down here.
I was just like God this really It's I can look around and just see how fucking cool this place is and how all these people built all this stuff And they're building it and everybody's doing something here and I'm part of it [45:03] And I get to just sit here and chill and like, take it all in and go, wow, fuck, I'm in this new city.
They're building, they've got cranes on the tops of all the buildings.
The restaurants look all vital.
And shit, I love to see that.
And I'm like, dude, all these people have good perspective.
Not all of them.
Well, I mean, more more.
It's a good vibe, right?
I don't know.
Overall good vibe of the city, right?
Yeah.
I didn't know what to expect, but I was like impressed.
I was like, this place seems pretty cool and I realized that's my perspective.
I'm looking for the good.
Mm-hmm, right?
But somebody else might be in the same exact spot and they would only notice the weird homeless dude over there that They hope that he doesn't come over here and ask him for some money or they're stressing out about their bills or whatever it is.
And I'm just sitting there thinking, no, I don't want to fuck.
Perspective, look at how fucking cool life is.
Cause it really is, dude.
I think we've all gotten so fucked up with by these little cell phones [46:00] that have kind of captured us that we kind of captured us, that we kind of forget.
Just go outside.
Yeah, you know, go outside and experience some things.
It's just hard to do when you're stuck.
If you're at home and you're just like staring at your phone, it's hard to like put it down and start moving.
It's hard, but you really have to.
It's trap.
It's trying to get us to get sucked into the machine, kids, and it's common.
And if you think it's difficult to resist now, just wait.
Just wait.
But just don't let your tolerance get all low.
Like don't just keep fucking with it.
Like right now go camping.
Yeah.
Right now go learn to ride a horse.
I don't know about that.
You know, you get her.
Right.
I got some crazy horse stories.
I know a lot of people have some crazy horror stories.
I went down to the...
I don't think they like to be ridden.
No, check this out, dude.
I'll tell you something funny.
I went down on a photo shoot to the Navajo reservation years ago, like probably about five or six, maybe seven years ago.
And the Apache's and the Navajo's were kind of doing a piece ceremony.
And I was down there with like this native photographer and just a couple of friends [47:05] we were all hanging out like Navajo's and and we ran into this Navajo family where there's this dude that just got back from the military and like his little brother and his little sister and we're all just hanging out like because I just take pictures to get ideas for paintings and meet people and just go do stuff and go to reservation.
That's what gives me the ideas.
And so I've raised riding horses and I haven't ridden a horse since I was a little kid in Montana but I learned how I knew I rode horses every day as a little kids like 10 years older so we'd ride them to town and so all these Indians are out there riding the horses and I want to fit in and I was like oh jump up on one on one of these horses.
And I jump up on one of the trail horses that's been out on the trail ride all day.
And I have these long ass legs, everyone else is shorter than me.
So the stirrups aren't long enough for me.
So I jump up on there and I'm all kind of off-balance and the horse gets weird out and just fucking takes off [48:01] at a full run across the desert.
Ran for like a mile dude and I'm shitin' like it's fucking me and it's like I thought about jumpin' off and everything.
And luckily I had been training Jiu Jitsu at the time so I had the strong Jiu Jitsu grip that you get.
And I grabbed the saddle horn and just hold on to it.
I'm like, oh no, I'm jumping.
I'm gonna wear this motherfucker out.
And he ran for about a mile.
So you didn't have a reigns?
He didn't have a hold of the reigns.
I lost the reigns.
Oh my God.
He was running, dude.
I wasn't ready for it.
He just took off.
Took off.
But I didn't fall off.
I didn't jump out.
Oh my God.
And everyone's like, we thought we were gonna be peeling you off the prairie.
And my horse, like, puts his head down and taps the ground.
I said, I mean, this fucker, tap.
And I jumped off.
Oh, dude.
Is it interesting that you can break horses?
They get wild horses and they can break them.
They break them and get them to the point [49:02] where they can ride them.
It's very strange, it's a strange animal.
Like you, yeah, I mean dude horses are amazing.
And then I got to go down to a ranch in New Mexico and learned to ride a bunch a few years ago and I got good enough where I was running and controlling the horse.
It's kind of like a version, a real version of Avatar.
When they have to hop on those dragons and they have to like merge with them.
They are exactly fucking like that.
It is like that, right?
Exactly.
Because this is like thing that's way more powerful than you, but for some weird reason, you guys sink up together.
And if it likes you, it will like stomp out rattlesnakes for you and if it doesn't like you, it'll go over to the rocks and...
Yeah, chuck you off.
fuck off bitch.
You have to have a good relationship with that animal.
And it has to be a real relationship.
It can't be out of fear that animals love you.
And you have to love it.
It's like dogs.
Yep, exactly.
Exactly.
They called them sacred dogs.
The Lakota did.
[50:00] But that's a doggy ride.
Dogs and humans have very strange relationships.
Very strange.
There's some sort of a sinking of the minds that's not as simple as the dog recognizes that it gets food from you.
No, no, no.
This is like this weird love.
Well, did you ever see that show that was about how humans and canines evolve together.
Yeah, I have seen it.
Yeah.
Dude, I mean, I have two dogs.
Like they're part husky, part akita.
They're like, they're like the primal breeds.
So they kind of, they look like wolves.
They kind of act like that.
Yeah.
Like, dude, those dogs are my best friends, you know?
They pull, we go around the neighborhood, they pull me on my skateboard, and I know that they know that I'm their friend.
Right.
And it's like, I know if, like, if I'm having a bad day or if I'm just like stressed out or something, and I do this or something, they'll come right up to me.
[51:01] Like, what's wrong, bro?
I was in the gym today stretching out and I was doing this crazy back stretch and it's kind of painful.
So I'm like, errrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr It was just funny.
It's funny.
They just sync up to you.
They just did something about whatever that relationship is It's so unique to dogs.
It's so different than any other animal.
Yeah, you know Well, it's very concerned about you.
Yeah, other animals.
I don't think it concerned about you Like your cat's not that concerned about you.
I don't know.
You're in pain.
Face off if you die instantly If you like you break your leg your cat's gonna go oh this guy's fucking loud Let me go that fucking snap really yeah I would the other day we're working out in the gym with all the comedians and marshals with us and I start kicking the bag and he starts barking He starts jumping up and down and barking because he thinks like some shit's going down is that bag fucking with you?
[52:04] What's happening here?
I know, it all goes well.
That's hilarious.
Like all the other stuff that we did, we did all this kettlebell workouts, we pushed the sled.
That was all fine.
But once I started hitting the bag, he's like, whoa, whoa, whoa understand what violence is.
It's weird.
It is, dude.
It's like, why is that different to him than me lifting a thing or me grunting or pushing a sled?
Like, I don't understand what you're doing.
Well, that's totally why we kept them around because we're like, as soon as shit starts to go down, you jump in, I'm gonna get my knife, you take care of it, you hit them low, I'll hit them high.
They know that they're with you.
They have to protect you.
You get to eat this motherfucker.
That happens to the people, if they get in some sort of a, like brothers and sisters getting fights together, the dog fucking tries to jump in.
It happens all the time.
Two girls are beating the shit out of each other, [53:01] and the dog shows up saying Like just, I had a party dude, how many times have you seen that?
I was always just pushing and shoving the pit bulls got your arm fucked.
Oh no.
And then you got nerve damage, no.
You just like, you have to play it.
Fucking alligator.
Yeah, dude, those fucking things.
Yeah, they don't understand that either.
Especially dudes, they get a little too loud with their playing Well, all the dogs are like, oh, some shit's going down.
You think so?
Yeah.
Fucker.
Well, they're f**king hard.
This is your house.
Yeah.
This is my house.
Yeah, they don't.
I'm not drunk.
They don't get the rules.
Yeah.
They don't get the rules of engagement.
That thing in the avatar is so wild when they sink up and they link their tails to their hair.
their hair thing.
Yeah, his ponytail.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's really is kind of what happens with a horse.
Well, everything is kind of, you know, based on something, you know, I mean, like fiction stuff.
You get that idea from somewhere.
Well, having people said that avatars like Pocahontas in space.
I thought they said it's like dances with wolves from space and that pissed me off.
Well, because my mentor, a friend of mine wrote dances with wolves.
Oh, really?
He's like one of my best influences that guided me in my career.
Michael Blake.
[54:11] He's a bro dude.
It wasn't about they say, oh, the white savior story.
He's coming to save the Indians.
That's some bullshit.
I'm like, did you watch the fucking movie?
Who saved who?
The white guy didn't save the Indians right they saved him there he learned from the Indians how to be a good person there's nothing wrong with that fucking story i barely remember that movie i remember it was really good but i barely remember well he he told a microphone oh sorry sorry um moves around yeah he told me that he came up with that idea by he heard a story where uh...
supply train a wagon train pulled up to uh...
like an abandoned camp a civil or not civil war like an army camp he heard that story and he thought well what would i do if i was that guy would i just go back [55:03] to the base to the army base or would i stay there and try to figure out what happened?\" And he said, he just came up with the whole thing based on putting himself there in his imagination.
Right.
And he's just such a cool motherfucker, dude.
Like, I remember I was saying, you know, this is years ago, I said, I want to be the next Howard Turpin, which is like the big Western artist.
She's like, no dude, don't be the next anything.
Be the first Greg Overton.
Just be you.
Yeah.
And here and that, like that movie was a big influence on me because when I saw that and got a Howard Turpin book, that's what really got me back into Western art because as a teenager I was doing all the punk art.
I get to eat album covers for a lot of the bands from Salt Lake and was trying to draw comic books and shit like that.
But as soon as I saw that movie and got the Howard Turpinning book, that's what really brought me back to the Native American stuff.
[56:00] And I was like, this is what I'm gonna do.
I think what's so interesting about the Native Americans, one of the things that's interesting, I should say about the Native American stuff, is that we didn't really understand what was even happening until the 20th century and now the 21st century.
We didn't really have an understanding of how their cultures worked and how they interacted with each other.
The way it was depicted in mainstream media was always cowboy and Indian movies.
It was like this very crude, kind of simplistic version of what they, we didn't really understand, you know, much about Native American culture until people started writing these, like Empire of the Summer Moon, some of these amazing books.
Well, you get a real understanding of like black Elk speaks, like those kind of things.
You actually hear from the people that live that life.
Like what was that like?
Cause our version of it was all just stupid movies, John Wayne movies and shit.
And then Clint East would take it to another level.
Like especially the outlawed outlawed Josie Wales.
[57:00] Fuck yeah.
Yeah, when he meets with that Comanche guy, and him and 10 bears have this conversation about what's gonna go down?
Yeah, you know your words have iron Yeah, where's of death?
Words of death.
Yeah, that's a heavy scene.
Will Samson.
That's like Yeah, that's one of the best movies ever do.
That's a great fucking movie.
That's a great fucking movie Yeah, that's a fun movie, but that's that's like the real Comanche Texas Ranger because he was a Texas Ranger type dude.
You know what I mean?
And those are those are both just awesome icons of the West.
We should respect both of those.
Yeah, because they neither one of them were like a hero or a villain purely.
I mean the commandeer, they were a fucking empire.
They were out for conquest, they're colonizing the fuck out.
They took all the horses and they're like, fuck you, we're taking it.
Yeah, they committed raids on other Native American tribes all the time.
I mean, they were ruthless.
I mean, we've talked it was before with just the name Sue.
[58:02] That wasn't their name, then that was the name for enemy.
Their name was the Lakota people.
That's what they called themselves.
Everybody else called me enemy.
They're fucking everybody up.
Because they were like, there was no unity amongst Native American tribes.
I mean, it was really no different than the interactions that we have with other countries.
Like, sometimes you're connected to them and you're allies and sometimes you're a war.
And sometimes there's the same groups of people that you used to be allies and now you're a war or you used to be a war and now you're allies like United States and Japan.
For a good example.
I mean that's probably one of the best examples in modern times.
Yeah.
We literally dropped indiscriminate nuclear bombs on two other cities and now we buy their cars I don't imagine if it is one in that's one of your friends Sorry, I knew you're fucking house, bro It was almost go see a movie years ago.
Do let it go.
I just knew you're fucking house Let it go you wouldn't stop fighting broke [59:03] Apparently like dude you didn't get our memo we were gonna stop you guys just want to try out your fucking bomb yeah you just want to flex and you you used to you just want to flex your fucking nuke power and you still want to go to vacation and fucking Europe bitch imagine seeing the first nuke go off and realize that nothing's ever gonna be the same again when they dropped that first nuke in a city just like oh my god what have you done yeah what have you done and what precedent have you set and and really truly amazing that we haven't done it since then that's what makes you believe in the aliens and multi-dimensional beings in shit really?
but because it isn't it just mutually sure destruction as well no no i'm saying like When humanity got all the nuclear bombs and shit that's when you start to see all the sightings and stuff So that that's why it kind of makes sense that they'd be like, oh, what are you doing?
We can't let you blow up your whole fucking planet before you even Evolve to your first level because for all we know we're still white belts, right?
[1:00:08] Well, leaf cutter ants have no idea that you have a car They have no idea they have no idea what a a bit coin is.
Yeah, they have no idea You know what 4G is they don't know shit and they're about cut and leaves and being ants, but they're around it all the time It's very possible that this is shit like that in other dimensions that are equally bizarre That we just we we are not connected to all the time and they might be here all the time and if that's the case Then it makes sense that they would start showing up when we were in the middle of dropping nukes on each other They'd be like hey hey hey Hey, I'd be like when your parents heard you just beating the shit out of each other and though the room they coming They're like all right fucking settle down.
That'll down boys.
You're gonna fuck up the drywall now Yeah, you guys are crashing into fucking TV's and shit like hey, that's all it is.
We're just their dumb kids in the next room It might be some noise Because maybe they need to let us know like hey, there's some there's some other folks here and they're way more advanced and settle the fuck down.
[1:01:07] You know, we're trying to bring you along just, you know.
The problem with all that stuff is it's so hard to know what's true and what's bullshit.
Just like the Bigfoot thing.
It's so hard to, well, the Bigfoot thing's way easier, right?
But the UFO thing, there's way more evidence.
It's so hard to know what's bullshit.
It's so hard.
It's so hard to know who's telling the truth and who's lying.
It's so hard to know what involvement the government has in terms of how many of these things are drones.
You're hearing now that a lot of these people that believe that these things are flying around, they think that what we're dealing with is some sort of a government drone.
And that a lot of this off-world craft talk is really just misinformation so that they don't have to take accountability for having some crazy thing that China doesn't have or maybe China has that we don't have and then they want to lie about it.
You know, try to develop whatever the fuck they have.
[1:02:04] Yeah.
And when you find out what they're really doing, then it's like, okay, now this makes sense.
Now that makes sense because you're having a fucking do all this to develop that.
Well, you know, it was a whole conspiracy about the invention of the transistor.
Because the transistor came about right after Roswell.
And there's a company called Bell Labs.
And Bell Labs was, I believe they were the people that invented the transistor.
And there was a military base right outside of Bell Labs.
And they always said that military base was to protect New York City.
But it was pretty far from New York City.
Like if you wanted to protect New York City, you put a base a lot closer.
You wouldn't put it so far away or you'd take them like 40 minutes to fly there.
But Bell Labs is a wild place.
And that was one of the main focal points of conspiracy theorists when they were talking about back engineering stuff from Crash UFOs.
[1:03:02] It was fiber optics and transistors and that they all came about very shortly after Roswell and people don't exactly know how they figured those out They probably those were probably the like the most basic things that they were covered So they are the easiest to figure out so that's why we had them first and there's like it's just like Those fucking play stations and they release a better one every few years.
Maybe they have PlayStation five and 95, but they're still giving us PlayStation one, because they want to sell all five.
Well, they can't just give us a time machine.
They have to give us a spaceship first.
Yeah.
First of all, you gotta figure out travel, you morons.
And we won't even need a fucking spaceship once we got a time machine.
Yeah.
Then we'll give you the big bang machine.
Yeah.
That takes time.
You got to get to a higher level civilization.
Have you heard of a Dyson sphere?
Do you know what a Dyson sphere is?
I've heard of it.
What is it?
Well, it's a massive structure that some astronomers believe could indicate highly advanced [1:04:07] intelligent life somewhere in the universe.
They've never been discovered, but they've been theorized that these, there was this article that I was reading yesterday about it.
If you see if you can find it.
So it can like tell you where it would be.
But they think there are massive structures that are like, literally like a structure, the size of a solar system.
And somebody made that and those fucking things are out there.
Well, this is just theorized, right?
When they're talking about the highest potential level of technological ability.
That you could get to?
Yeah, I mean, imagine if you got to a place where you had a self-contained solar system that's completely controlled by these intelligent beings, but that's immune to all of the hazards and what if we're in that motherfucker?
We might be?
That's the simulation.
We might be?
We might be?
And Thanos is like a type 2 civilization, one that can directly harness harvest rather, the energy of its star using a Dyson sphere or something similar.
[1:05:02] So it like is solar powered basically?
Well, I don't know what the fuck it is.
I mean, I think it's totally theoretical.
There's no real versions of them that are out there, but the idea is that if technological proficiency and innovation continues at the level that it is now for millions of years, what does it get to?
But you know what?
It's probably gonna get weird in that.
Cause this shit you can imagine, like remember the 80s when you fucking had a walk man?
Whoa, what are they gonna have in a few years?
Right.
I'll be able to, you know, you probably thought it was still gonna be a cassette tape.
Like when you watch the fifth element or blade runner, they're still using fucking telephones.
They didn't even think of cell phones?
But that's our most obvious thing that we have right now.
Star Trek, they had a walkie talkie.
Yeah, Kirk out.
Right, because you're still like relating it from like 1960, the pome of space.
Yeah, right.
Exactly.
That's not that unreal pome.
So it's going to fucking God of war.
Mm-hmm.
[1:06:00] Holy shit.
Yeah, it's gonna keep going.
That's what I think artificial intelligence is.
I think and this is a I don't really think this is just a thought.
Maybe the universe is God and maybe the way God is created is through intelligent life.
That intelligent life creates a far superior version of itself in artificial intelligence, and that creates a far better version of itself infinitely.
They just keep making better versions of itself as it has more of an understanding and more capacity and it grows and it makes better versions of itself.
It's eventually going to get to God-like powers.
The power to create universes, the power to create solar systems, the power to stop time, reverse time, the power to traverse immense distances instantaneously.
It'll just have capabilities that we could only imagine.
We could always just imagine if and it can do that.
[1:07:03] If we look at how we're living right now in comparison to how people were living when they were making those cave paintings, like wow, you're insane.
Yeah.
Cave paintings to fucking.
Yeah.
It's not going to stop right here.
Yeah, but what's the things that they can do, the 3D printing?
3D printing?
Yeah.
That's fucking crazy.
No, it's the same.
I mean, well you know, that's what they think the spaceships are made out of now.
Yeah.
Like when Bob Lazar was first examining, if he's telling the truth, when Bob Lazar was first examining the spaceships, the thing that blew him away was there's no seams.
It didn't make any sense.
Like how could one even make something like this?
Well now that we know there's 3D printers and you could make something like that.
I mean, I don't think you can make it that scale yet, but if you had enough of a capability, you had machines that could do it.
Well, yeah, I mean, if we thought of it, and we're doing it and they're fucking, 60 million light years ahead of us.
Right.
Like who's to say they're not?
Who's to say they're not 60,000 years ahead of us?.
600,000 or six million.
Or like think about if you have a fucking time machine, you could go back to check out some [1:08:08] shit that already happened, but you could also go forward.
I mean, we just have no comprehension of what you could, maybe you could like start a project in your lab, right?
And then travel, and you get all these fucking AI robots to work on it and then you travel way forward and time and go get it and then bring it back.
And then it's the fucking ultimate thing.
You know, like that's what I'd be doing if I had time machines I'll be like all right I'm gonna get all these fucking helpers to build these awesome monuments and then I'm gonna go in forward and time and check on it all right did, you know what I mean?
Like it would just give you, if you could manipulate time and travel through time, like it's an element, like, have you or checked out?
But you wouldn't be able to experience it because like you would always be involved in time being manipulated, so there'd be no static time.
So even in this static time, [1:09:01] something could intervene instantaneously always.
For forever.
What if we don't really understand the nature of time to make those definitions?
What if you could, if you could get this time machine, what if you could kind of like step out of time in a lot of different ways that you don't think, would you know what I'm saying?
Right, right, right.
Like you could go into a timeline and you don't even necessarily affect that timeline.
If you know how to just observe it.
Right.
And not like physically disturb it.
But you do as affected if you go forward in the future.
The idea of a time machine, the current idea of a time machine is that you can't travel where there are no roads.
So once a time machine is invented, then everything from that time machine is invented forward becomes a completely different way of using time because time now is non-linear.
Time now, anyone can go.
[1:10:01] So everything happens all at once.
So people from the future will be traveling back to the moment where the first time machine is invented.
So everything will change instantly.
Because if you're gonna invent a time machine and you live a million years in the future, assuming that humans even exist if a time machine gets invented, I mean, we might become obsolete almost instantaneously.
But if you were a live human being, a million years after the time machine is invented, you would want to go back to the moment the thing was made.
You would want, and so the moment they turn that motherfucker on, everything changes, forever.
Singularity.
Yeah, that might be the real singularity.
That was one of the mechanics theories.
Terence McKenna believed that we were going to come up with a time machine.
He thought that was going to happen around December 21st 2012 Well, you you checked out his time we've zero Yeah, yeah, and you know how they came up with that those Taoist Precinct shit.
How did that the fucking E-ching dude?
They were right right deep meditations and they would take mushrooms too and they found out that the time can be [1:11:05] mapped and like predicted.
That's where the fucking e-ching comes from.
If people in the 60s got all into the e-ching, the e-ching is like a game, right?
No, it's a it's a book.
It's made up of, I'm not like an expert on it.
But isn't there a game that's involved with the e-ching that McKenna sort of patented a pattern wave zero on.
I don't know if he made a game of it, but it's not.
Is the Eaching a game?
It's like a fortune telling system.
Right, that's what it's like.
It's like a form of divination.
Divination, right.
Yeah, it is like a fortune telling thing.
That's what it is, it's not a game.
Yeah.
I was trying to remember how he I haven't heard his stuff in a long time Try to remember how he described it But most people that have looked at time wave zero think it's kind of nonsense Including guys like Paul Stammett's they're like he's he's probably tripping real hard we came up with that I don't know.
I think it's above their head.
It might be I think I also is a ridiculous thing to [1:12:02] Subscribe to so a lot of people were reluctant to like open their cell up to ridicule but so is everything everything's ridiculous What's all these like religions and everything that everybody fucking is into everything's ridiculous Nothing is Taoism and time we've zero isn't any more ridiculous than anything else that people are fucking tarot cards it's I think it's really interesting because those I Really get into ancient Chinese culture, like I was into, you know, kung fu at a young age.
So I've studied a lot of Chinese philosophy, Taoism, all that stuff.
Those people are highly intelligent spiritual people who are doing deep meditations and discovering really profound truths, you know?
I think that we are at a level where we're so intellectual, that we're almost too intellectual.
So it's almost like we can only think about things in this scale.
Like people see in a certain frequency, they can only see certain lights, but like dogs [1:13:03] can hear sounds we can't hear other stuff.
So it's just like that.
It's like our fucking intellect is like this.
And we can figure out, but we exist within the context of our culture.
Because we've fallen in love with this.
Right.
I'm on.
But there's also this in your heart, your spirit, that that's what figured out the doubt to Ching.
That's what figured out how to tame horses and be one with them and domesticate primates.
It wasn't just us thinking cerebral.
That's kind of limited.
I think our real being is deeper than that.
I think you can learn and know things because I don't think about my ideas for art.
I don't try to come up with them intellectually.
I just meditate, I wait for it to find me.
And that's not an intellectual practice.
Right, you know?
But obviously it yields results, right?
So it's the right way to do it.
[1:14:01] Meanwhile, people wouldn't think about that.
They would think, oh, like what's the straight, how do you do this?
You add these boards and that's how you make a house.
They want a system.
They want a system.
And that's how you make a computer.
Exactly.
Yeah.
That's why Bruce Lee innovated martial arts because he said, like let's kind of break down all these systems.
Let's not adhere to these.
Right.
He called it organized despair.
All the karate forms and just doing your sparring and not really doing live training is a threshold that you don't want to cross.
So you're stuck in this like, let's go through all these boring stupid rituals to try to prop up our bullshit society.
When it's like, no, I think we've taken intellect as far as it's going to go.
I think if we're going to get to the next level, we have to go deeper this way.
And you know what I mean?
Well, I think it should be both, right?
And I think the problem is that with money and [1:15:00] with capitalism and our society and with our reward system is based on, it rewards people going towards the things that are going to get you results that you could show other people.
You know, like houses and cars and stuff like that.
Like a quick result.
Well, like a physical tangible thing that's measured and cherished by society as opposed to spiritual growth.
Yeah.
You know, we don't think a spiritual growth is being, like it's almost like a frivolous pursuit of silly people.
Yeah, I'm working on my spiritual growth.
She fucking lays a bitch.
Like what are you doing?
Yeah, what are you actually doing?
What are you sitting around and you fucking cookies on?
Yeah, yeah, do it anyway.
You know, self love.
Okay, settle down.
Okay.
Okay, so hold down.
Maybe you love yourself too much.
Yeah, maybe think about yourself too much.
There's so many other things to think about you know and it's just We have a very complex society that has a gravity to it and it sucks you in and it makes you a part of it And you don't have a whole lot of say you get locked in and you get locked in when you're really young [1:16:04] Get indoctrinated in the education system and then you get outside of it and you have to make a living and take care of yourself and pay your bills.
You get locked in.
You get wild space.
You get wild space is happening right above you and every now and then you're forced to see it like I don't know if you guys got any of the northern lights from the solar storms.
Like, did you get it?
Yeah.
What was it like?
Just, I mean, I don't see it.
My daughter is just sending me pictures of it.
Yeah.
My buddy lives in Montana and he was sending me photos of what's going on.
And Jamie, your buddy in Ohio, right?
Well, yeah, all my friends in Ohio saw it.
So yeah, yeah, it's wild.
It's crazy how that just happened all over the place.
Well, we knew about it.
We knew they were coming because there's two different types of radiation that comes from those storms.
When they have these big coronal mass ejections, one of them reaches us in seconds.
I think that's gamma waves.
Is that what that is?
That [1:17:02] reaches us in seconds.
And then the second one takes days to get us.
And that's the one that can take out your cell phone towers and fuck up communications and shut down the grid.
And if it gets big enough, we're really doomed.
Yeah, we have a very, very vulnerable system.
And we're essentially living in a house with a glass ceiling, hoping that it doesn't hail.
Fuck.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Don't help me sleep good at night.
Right, if you park your car outside, if most of the time, your car's fine.
Most of the time, it doesn't hail.
But if it hails, your car's glass.
You're ceiling on that car.
Your car's gonna give fucked up.
I'm sure you've seen like damage that hails caused to people's cars.
Yeah.
Fuck, man.
And that is an unpredictable thing that happens way more often than these massive solar ejections.
But if they get big enough, they get big enough.
We're fucked.
If they get big enough, we are back in the caveman days, kids.
[1:18:03] I mean, we still have books and we'll be reading them by candlelight but all refrigerations gone.
You're gonna have biodiesel generators.
You're gonna have to start making beef jerky again.
Oh yeah yeah you're gonna need beef jerky.
You're gonna need water purification tablets.
You're gonna need someone who can figure out how to make those water purification tablets without electricity.
Someone who tests the water on before you drink it.
Bro, you need a whole bunch of things.
It could get real squirrely.
What is, when they have a coronal mass ejection, what is the, there's two different types of, I know I'm very, I'm lost in this, in the science of it.
It says that all, first it said all waves travel at the same speed, which I was like, okay, that's not looking for right here is they all travel to speed of light.
The waves do.
Visible or gamma, right?
So those reach us in a few seconds.
But then I'm seeing they end up traveling up to a million miles a second.
Whoa.
So that's what I'm like, I'm trying to find out which waves are the ones we're talking about then.
So how many million miles away is this?
Is that faster than light?
Millions miles a second.
I was about to do that calculation next I think it is but I don't really exactly it's [1:19:06] The speed of light is like it's something meters per second.
This is how we figure out time travel These motherfuckers it's like 278,000 meters per second or something I guess that could be close to a million miles per second Either way that motherfucker is not stable dude that son me it's fairly stable But every now and then it'll blow a gasket and you get just crazy waves headed towards us They'll just like having a really crazy friend that just might fucking yeah One new mom to a bar.
I got PTSD's on LSD.
No, he's a good dude.
I swear What was the worst version of it?
Wasn't there something that happened that took out like Morse code towers in the 1800s?
I think there was one big historical mass ejection that was documented within the last couple hundred years that they say if it happened today we would be [1:20:04] really fucked.
That this same thing if it happened today we would be really fucked.
That this same thing if it happened today.
The Carrington event is what it's called the West Intense Geomegnetic Storm and Recorded History.
When was that one?
September 1st.
You put it out.
You put it out.
You put it out.
You put it out.
You put it out.
You put it out.
You put it out.
You put it out.
You GeomaticNetics Storm recorded history, peaking from one to two, September 1859 during solar cycle 10, created strong, or oral displays that were reported globally and caused sparking and even fires in multiple telegraph stations.
Yeah, so like what the fuck would that do today?
So it just blows up everything that has electricity in it.
Yeah, it just cooks everything.
Dude, what if everybody's car just blew up?
Everybody's fucking house.
Oh yeah, probably would, probably cook your fucking computer in your car.
September 1st is, Quarantine was sketching on sunspots.
He was blinded by a sudden flash of light.
Quarantine described it as a white light flare according to NASA space flight.
[1:21:01] The whole event lasted about five minutes.
The flare was a major coronal mass ejection, a burst of magnetized plasma from the Sun's upper atmosphere, the corona.
In 17.6 hours, the coronal mass ejection traversed over 90 million miles between the sun.
Okay, that's the distance.
She's the sun, the earth, 150 million kilometers.
And unleashed its force, its force on our planet, according to NASA Space Flight, it usually takes CMEs multiple days to reach Earth.
The day after, Carrington observed the impressive flare, Earth experienced an unprecedented geomagnetic storm with telegraph systems going, hey, wire and a rural displays, normally confined to polar latitudes visible in the tropics.
According to NASA science.
Carrington put two and two together and realized that the solar flare he'd seen was almost certainly the cause of this massive geomagnetic disturbance.
This was a connection that had never previously been made according to NASA spaceflight.
The solar storm of 1859 is now known as the Carrington event in his [1:22:03] honor.
Wow.
So if that happened today, what Google what would happen if the Carrington event happened today?
Let's find that one out there.
Your fucking cell phone just blows up.
Oh, probably, you probably cooks everything.
But that's what's really scary is that all of our cars are controlled by computers.
Unless you have an old car that has a carburetor, you're fucked.
Unless you have an old car that has a carburetor you're fucked Unless you have an old-ass, you know that 1988 Toyota truck.
You're in you're in a bad spot Right there what would happen with a character in the event today people ask first one click on that um as such Hudson suggested that a solar flare on the level of a guaranteed event might not pose as big a threat to humankind as some fear still, a guaranteed event pointed at Earth today would have substantial impacts mainly on human activities in space.
Also, wouldn't kill our grid?
Not right now.
I think they're just fucking guessing.
Yeah, they don't want to freak people out, dude.
[1:23:01] I don't know.
Because if it's never happened, how do you know what would happen?
Also, that one, the the guaranteed event, we don't really totally know how big it was.
Right.
Because they didn't have the instruments to measure it back then.
And what if there's one that's double that?
I mean, if that can happen, something bigger can happen.
I mean, it's not, I mean, we've only been around a short amount of time.
The fucking sun's been around for billions of years.
Like, how long is it ever now?
And then it shoots off a big wattage is.
And blasts us with some plasma.
It destroys all our technology.
He's just up there.
You know, when they first started observing gamma ray bursts in the universe.
They thought that there was wars going on in space.
Well, yeah, when they first started detecting these gamma ray bursts, they found that they were happening like every couple of seconds all over space.
And they were reading too much science fiction.
No, no, they realized what they didn't know what it was, like what are these bursts?
[1:24:03] And then they realized there're something called hypernovas So if a hypernova like if our son goes hypernova, that's a wrap.
That's a wrap for everything.
Yeah Yeah, but it did cook and that's what they're detecting all over the place.
Yeah, so sons are always fucking blown up Yeah, well there's so many of them eventually they reach the end of their life cycle and if they hypernova if if they're big enough, they have enough mass and they hypernova, that's a wrap for the whole solar system.
I think it's a wrap for other solar systems that are close by too.
I think it's a wrap for pretty much everything.
But maybe you get to that point where, is this Jamie?
Captures a supernova.
Hypernova is actually even bigger than a supernova So this is the Nash the the Hubble telescope captured a supernova, but there was a I think was a science channel had this [1:25:00] Documentary on hypernovas where these people were talking about how when they first started measuring them They're like oh shit like I met because this is like post-World War II We understand atomic bombs.
Like what do these guys have?
Like these guys are blowing up whole planets out there.
Like, oh fuck.
Imagine thinking that the universe is teaming with life and that life is so violent that it's blowing up planets.
Total Star Wars shit.
Yeah, you'd have to, if you were that scientist, you just have to be like, holy fuck.
What do I tell people?
Yeah.
And you wouldn't, you probably wouldn't want to tell them that, but you'd have to tell like the generals, I would think there might be fucking Star Wars going on.
I'm sure they had meetings.
I'm sure they had meetings.
When they first detected these things, I'm sure they were like, oh Jesus Okay, Mr.
Eisenhower, we've got some problems.
We're gonna do.
We might not be shit after all.
Yeah, well, we're something to us, but in the greater scheme of it all, I mean, the universe doesn't seem to care if it cooks entire solar systems every couple of seconds.
Well, because I mean, the universe has to know more than we do.
[1:26:00] So we're over here thinking we're all bad ass.
How do we know it's not better if he gets apt and then you fucking Right here in a different dimension.
That's probably what happens.
Yeah, what are hypernovas?
I'm gonna show you this one.
I was just finding on this video about the largest supernova ever SN1572 which I guess that's the year so it was visible for 23 days.
Oh my God.
And 362 nights.
Wow.
So then like I'm watching the video, this is non-scientific.
It looked like a star or a planet that wasn't actually there if they were observing it for so long.
They would have ended up in a book.
And I don't know what they have thought was going on.
Yeah, with Dave Noen who was a supernova back then like how much did they know about that?
How big did they say they saw?
Did they talk about it?
Well, I'm trying to just go off without listening to Just go off pictures and words and stuff Not quite sure though you imagine living back then You see some fucking flare in sky.
They look Yeah, they were looking at look at that bullshit telescope [1:27:03] He puts his eye up to it and it just fries his fucking eye out.
Oh right, imagine.
Yeah, those dummies are just stares.
He's looking right at this super- AHHHHH!
Did you watch the clips?
The last one, no.
You didn't see it?
No.
Oh my god, it was wild, man.
It was weird.
I saw the one before that I was down in Santa Fe.
Oh yeah.
And so I was outside, but I can't remember what I was doing, but I was like, oh, there's in clips.
That's how I had a touch I am, dude.
I don't even hear it.
Well, this was such a big one that everybody was preparing and, you know, Rokus sent us some sunglasses, so I went out in my backyard and washed it.
It was pretty dope, man.
It's weird Like everything stopped all the sounds stopped and then you just have this bizarre moment for a couple minutes where it's dark out Yeah, it's all weird and empty and then the the eclipse looked amazing It's so weird that the sun and the moon are the perfect size That they line up that way that gets people like weirded it out they go how is what are the odds?
[1:28:05] Is there any other planet in our solar system that experiences that?
Yeah.
Oh, shit.
What are the odds that it's exactly?
That the one planet that has intelligent life, that it's blocked out perfectly by our moon.
And what does that, what does that do?
Like, I don't know, man.
Like, it may be a superstitious or something, but I think those cosmic cycles.
I think it's a reminder.
Yeah.
I think it's certainly a reminder of just the vastness and bizzarness of space itself when you realize like, oh, there's a giant nuclear explosion in the sky that keeps the lights on.
Yeah, and then there's a lot of it's blocked.
Yeah, the other fucking rock that just blocks it out is perfectly, yeah, sized and shaped.
And that rock is also perfectly sized to give us a stable gravity.
That we're not wobbling enough [1:29:01] so that we don't vary too much in our temperature.
It keeps us stable because it's pretty big.
That moon's pretty fucking big.
And the tides and everything.
It's all very weird.
What the ant eclipse of one of the moons of Mars looks like.
It's so small and not doesn't fit perfectly.
Yeah, it doesn't fit perfectly at all.
It just goes across it.
So that's the shadow that it casts that weird.
Yeah.
I wonder if there's are there any other planets in the solar system that would experience an eclipse that's similar to ours?
I was trying to just look at that like I was thinking Saturn's got multiple moons.
Is there any way?
It kind of would have to be a line up in one time.
Right it would have to be a moon like one of them would have to line up and it have to be the same size as the Sun in terms of like how it fits in the sky the distance so that it's the perfect size to block it out because it's it's so perfect like you all you see it's like as it passes over you just see the outside light you see this black circle in the outside light.
It's a weird ring it's perfect yeah it's perfectly [1:30:04] established to give us an eclipse.
That is weird when you think about it.
It is, but the whole thing is weird.
It's probably one of the least weird things about space.
I had an astronomy class in high school and that class would just trip me out hearing about how infinite and like the white dwarves and the pulsars and all the shit that's out there that they can see so far out there as wild.
And then I got really sad when Eddie said space is fake.
I don't think he's an expert.
I like Eddie.
It's really good to be a choking people though.
Because you beat Hoiler.
I'm gonna listen to you.
There's some real interesting stuff that's going on now where they're finding galaxies that are so far away and are so far formed, they're so well formed that they don't think that they should exist given the timeline of the universe.
They're very confused as to how these things exist, [1:31:02] where they exist, that they shouldn't have been formed in this way.
And this one of those fucking things.
Well, I think what it is is it's probably the universe is probably older than we think it is.
I think they're just with the web telescope.
They're just starting to be able to detect these structures in deep space that they're so far away and they're so old that they shouldn't be able to exist if the Big Bang happened 13.7 billion years ago.
Maybe they found a way to stabilize themselves.
Like if you're, because you gotta think, like if you're the right place, the right time, your technology advances high enough before you destroy yourself, maybe you don't have a planet where everybody likes a killing children, you have world wars every fucking hundred years.
And you don't have a planet where everybody likes to kill each other and you have world wars every fucking hundred years and you don't nuke whatever and you build your technology in a good way.
Maybe you could stabilize it so fucking big bang happens and you got some time wave zero shit that you know.
That's the least likely.
The most likely is we have a bad understanding of how old space is.
Galaxies that shouldn't exist keep being discovered by the James Webb Space Telescope.
[1:32:09] Brightred spec appears against the backdrop of a space photo, but astronomers say that it shouldn't be there.
But there it is.
Published today in the journal Nature, an international research team led by Carl Glazenbrook from Swineburn University of Technology in Melbourne says that the light reaching Earth from this galaxy named JWST 7329 is 11.5 billion years old and comes from an ancient assembly of stars likely formed 13 billion years ago.
It doesn't make sense because it's been thought until now there wasn't enough dark matter in the early universe to prompt this formation.
Current understandings of what grows a galaxy suggests that dark matter halos which are filled were fields of invisible material in space coalesce and collect stars and galaxies within their structure.
It's only because of the James Webb space telescope that the team has been able to clarify what the reds back was [1:33:06] in seven years of long observations using ground-based kek, the Hawaii Observatory, and the VLT and Chile.
All they could see was a faint red smudge.
NASA's James Webb Telescope, it's been such an incredible thing, been waiting for the last 30 years, been delivering all those dreams we've had, glazing broke-t Cosmos.
This is something we've been working on over the years.
Deeper and deeper surveys looking for the oldest and most massive galaxies that formed.
We did the calculations of how old it is and it's way beyond the bounds of what's reasonable to form in the cold, dark matter dominated universe.
It's really a huge puzzle.
So I think they have crude instruments, relatively crude instruments for seeing that far back and they keep getting better and the james web is better than the hubble and the the the more they can see the more it reveal spuzzles it's just not exactly sure what the fuck is going on out there and when they find out who like it that it is made does not make you wonder [1:34:03] like what the fuck what's the answer?
You know?
Well, they also don't even know if the Big Bang is actually the beginning of the universe.
That's, there's a lot of people including Sir Roger Penrose, think the Big Bang, the universe existed before the Big Bang.
And that, there's also people that believe that there might be this constant cycle of Big Bang expansion and then ultimately compression and then big bang again.
I mean, that's really wild.
But that makes sense because it's like, how is there nothing?
Right.
How is there just nothing and then all of a sudden?
A big bang.
Yeah, it'd be more likely like everything expands.
Was that track?
But isn't it a weird thing to think, how is there something?
If there wasn't nothing, why is there something?
Why is there always been something?
That seems even less likely.
Like what the fuck is that?
Right, but I mean we gotta like assume if there's something now, probably always stuff was something.
[1:35:02] But how could it always be something?
What did it, how did it start?
That's the freaking, yeah, that's the question.
Like if you ever got to meet God, you'd be like, what predated you?
Right.
What created you?
Right, you know?
Right in your mind blows.
And he'd be like, chat GP2.
Yeah.
Like, awww.
And then you'd be like, I am a fucking cyborg.
I think we're going to find out some very interesting stuff for the next five years.
I think in the next five years things are going to get real fucking squirreling.
But you know, there's no other choice than to look forward to it.
Well, no one's going to hit the brakes.
We're going to ride this out and to it.
Well, I mean, no one's gonna hit the brakes.
We're gonna ride this out and enjoy it.
So you just gotta think, well, is we live in interesting times?
We definitely live in interesting times.
I think the most interesting times, because there was an interview recently where someone was talking about this [1:36:00] and they were saying that this is the first time in history that no one has any idea what it's gonna look like in 20 years.
Or probably even five.
Probably even five.
Yeah.
Because the way everything's expanding exponentially, kind of leads you to believe it's gonna continue to do that.
And then what are those unpredictable changes gonna be?
Right.
You know, my fucking life is completely different than it was five years ago, bro.
Unpredictable shit happened to me and But I don't know well the whole world's different than it was four years ago, right?
Koby comes along everything changes.
Yeah, the whole world's different now So like what yeah, what does that look like?
What does it look like five 20 years from now?
It's gonna be weird, man.
I'll tell you that there's no way it's not gonna be weird.
It's weird already [1:37:06] You know, yeah or something to do.
Well, it's definitely something to do, and you definitely can't stop it.
So you definitely should just live your life and enjoy it.
But it doesn't make it any less fascinating.
You know, it is absolutely fascinating.
Yeah.
But this is the timeline that we're in for whatever reason.
That's what gets real weird.
It right now.
Why are you in this timeline?
Why is this the time that you exist?
Have you existed before?
Is this your first time in this timeline?
You know, everybody wants to assume it is.
Like, someone said to me once that they wouldn't, like, there's this, there's this theory I'm sure you're aware of this theory that you live the same life over and over and over again until you get it right You know to eat that enlightenment is possible Well you you have to you you got to go at it over and over and over and over and over and over again until you nail it and I was talking with a friend of mine like oh fuck.
I wouldn't want to do that.
I'm like, okay [1:38:01] If you wouldn't want to do that Do you like life now because I love life now.
I'm like, okay, if you wouldn't want to do that, do you like life now?
Because I love life now.
I'm having a great time.
So someone said to me that I have to do this all over again.
Why would that be so bad?
Why am I scared of that?
But everybody's scared of that.
Everybody's scared of starting from scratch again, being a baby again.
But remember when you were a white belt?
Sure, it was fucking awesome.
Not really.
Well, no, I...
I'm not talking about just getting smashed and choked.
I'm talking about looking forward to learning.
Sure.
And maybe I should've said blue belt.
But it's like...
I got smashed a lot as blue belt.
I like looking forward to this big journey.
You know what I mean?
When I first started doing kung fu when I was like 19 or 20 I didn't know it and we didn't have to get choked so it was just fun, you know And I was like, oh, I don't know anything about this But I have so much to learn it's gonna be so cool and then after years and years I'm kind of jaded.
I've done it so fucking long I don't think I really even appreciate it anymore.
I know what you're saying.
Yeah There's there's a thing that you can get jaded by a thing and new things are all very exciting [1:39:06] That's why it's really important for people It's just for you the health of your mind to try new things Yeah, or to try things where you're not that good at try to keep getting better because it's like this Thing that you have to do to practice and learn it's very in a rich is the way you think about everything.
Yeah it's so valuable to be able to do that and to be able to realize you're doing that and you're capable of learning new things.
And that really is what makes you live is dude.
And that is why people get stagnant because it's like when you were a kid, you were always trying to learn something new.
You weren't like, oh fuck, I'm jaded, I just, man, I don't know what I'm going to do.
You were trying to learn.
And so if you continue to do that, learn and play and just accept and have fun, you don't have to get old, you don't have to get stale, you don't have to get bored.
You can fucking enjoy this life.
You can.
Yeah certainly can if you find things that are exciting.
[1:40:06] That's the saddest thing I think is someone who doesn't have a thing.
Someone who doesn't have a thing that excites them.
Someone who doesn't engage with something that stimulates them.
I think you need it as a human organism.
The human organism needs little puzzles and stuff to do.
Makes it exciting for it.
If you don't do that, you're gonna feel shitty.
Yeah, you do.
You get bored.
I mean, God, the best, most happy times in your life are when you have all these exciting projects.
You don't know if it's even gonna work, but like holy shit, I'm gonna try.
I'm gonna get excited about this and fucking go after it.
Hey, let me ask you this about your work because I was wanted to ask you this question.
When you're painting Crazy Horse, is there any part of you that doesn't want to do that?
Because like Crazy Horse did not want to be photographed.
So you have to paint what you imagine Crazy Horse would be, it's kind of crazy that that dude got so, [1:41:02] you know, no pun intended, got so famous and managed to avoid having this picture taken.
I think he knew there were mug shots.
Do you think that's what it was?
I think when I look back at all those, the photographs, I think they were fucking, he wasn't, he was a smart dude.
He didn't want his picture out there, so he couldn't be identified because they were trying to kill him.
They're definitely trying to kill them.
I think like, you know, I definitely do a lot of spiritual work.
I do spiritual work.
But no, like spiritual introspection.
And you know, like I have friends from the Ogla la Tribe who are like related to him that I talk to and learn stories from the Lakota, the Oguala themselves.
So I try to have a deep insight for it, do a lot of research, what he really would have looked like, and also just think, is this the right thing to do?
Do I have permission to do this?
And if that kind of comes [1:42:02] through and the Lakota's themselves, they don't get a hold of me in that problem and I talk to them about it, then it's okay.
But it's like, it's not from an actual photograph.
Of course.
It's just from your mind.
Yeah.
Well, not even that.
I try to, like I think about a black elks description of them and just try to put together the facial features of my mind.
How did they deal with that sculpture, that giant sculpture of Crazy Horse?
The one that hasn't been finished yet?
I don't know, but I don't really.
I like the idea of what they're doing, but it doesn't look that much to me like how I imagine looking.
It's weird.
You know, how do you do a giant sculpture of a guy and say, it's this guy?
You don't even know what that guy looked like.
How do you do it?
I think they're doing that to kind of just pay tribute to him.
Seems like a weird thing to do though.
Well, because I don't think I don't know.
[1:43:00] I don't want to talk shit about you.
There's like one family that's doing this right yeah, and I want to talk shit on this Dude's project.
What is that image of him a scroll up where you did right the They above that right there right there click on that.
What is that?
That's a bronze statue or something.
That's supposed to be crazy horse Random stuff.
Yeah, but he didn't he like cut pieces off of his body, like before he went to war, cut like a hundred pieces off of his skin.
That sitting bowl.
Sitting bowl did that?
Didn't crazy horse do that as well?
No.
Crazy horse didn't participate in a lot like the Sundance where you're...
No, I mean, he cut like pieces of his skin off, like marked his skin.
No, that was sitting bull.
See if there's a story about crazy horse before we go to battle cutting pieces of his skin off.
Cause I thought they said that crazy horse he did it as well, that he had like cut little pieces of himself off of his arms, that he had little scars all over his arms.
[1:44:00] I hadn't heard that, but I heard sitting bull before the battle of Little Big Horn.
Before the battle, Little Big Horn, sitting bull cut like a hundred pieces off his shoulders and his back.
Maybe that's what I'm remembering.
And all that to get a vision of what the battle was going to be like and then he stared into the sun and he saw all these soldiers falling into the camp.
And so that's where, because sitting bull was kind of like the general, he was a little older at the time.
Oh, the battle and he had a bad wound on his leg, but he was a visionary, really respected medicine man, leader, and crazy horse was the actual fighter.
So he'd go and kind of lead the troops and do the actual fighting.
Did you find anything about crazy horse cutting pieces of his skin off?
So maybe I'm fucking it up.
But the thing that gets me is that they had these methods.
I mean, these are people that are living in a time where you had to be pragmatic.
You couldn't...
You couldn't pretend that you could see things.
If you did a certain thing.
You were trying to achieve a vision.
[1:45:07] So they had probably done it before and they had methods to do it.
And a lot of their methods involve pain.
You know, like the thing where they would pierce their nipples and suspend them.
Yeah, Sundance.
Crazy shit man.
They did these things at a time where, you know, you're living a subsistence lifestyle You don't have a lot of time for fucking around for nonsense Yeah, and yeah, they found value in like self-torture.
Yeah Well, it's I mean it kind of do you have any paintings on the Sundance?
No, I was I was working on a painting of a Sundancer that has the white sage They'd put white sage around their head like this, kind of like a halo and then a wearer, eagle bone whistle here.
And they paint themselves white with the spots there.
And you're suspended hanging by your nipples.
And you have to not eat for four days, not drink water.
[1:46:03] And everybody around the village like gets to tease you and throw little spear twigs at your legs and shit and just like it's an endurance ritual.
And eventually it rips out of your chest.
Yep, once it rips out and like dude friends of mine from South Dakota they still have those those scars like this.
Bro.
Yeah.
Did you ever see male cold horse?
they still have those those scars like this.
Bro.
Yeah.
Did you ever see a male cold horse?
A Metafuckian.
I own that.
I got that on DVD.
Yeah.
What was that gentleman's name?
Richard Harry.
That's right.
Yeah.
He goes through that ritual.
Yeah.
There's always that story though about, that's why people get angry.
There's a story about the white guy who goes and kicks ass with the Indians.
Yeah, everything.
Sheldon.
Fuck off.
Yeah.
Cause it like doesn't give the Indians enough credit.
Right.
In a way.
Right.
That one you can see has a little bit of the white savior thing to it.
Sure.
But it's not, it's not like they're not giving you something.
They're, that's what I think is the native culture has taught me so much.
That's why I painted it.
That's why I got into that as a kid [1:47:07] because it was an alternative to mind prison of the system of the schools.
I could see in the people's eyes that they were free, that they were real, that they were powerful individuals.
And I wanted to follow that.
I didn't want to listen to like my second grade teacher who is I wanted to follow that.
I didn't want to listen to my second grade teacher who was nothing I ever want to be like.
So those books, and I still have those books.
That's what inspired me to do this.
And that's what keeps me going and sharing it with the world because I want to say this is a valuable, amazing culture that we blindly destroyed and committed a genocide on.
There are millions of people over here and the whites came over and we're just so fucking dumb that they just they wasted a lot of good knowledge but there's still pieces of it alive and maybe we could do it we can to pay that back learn from it.
My fear is that if it wasn't for the ability to use media in the 20th and 21st century, [1:48:09] we might have lost the true story forever.
You have a, imagine if we, you know, because the world wasn't much different in terms of our technological capabilities from like 1500 to 1700.
Right.
But from 1800 to the year 2000, it's a giant fucking difference.
And that's when people started going, hey, what the fuck happened?
We should write books, like real books.
I mean, you fucking really researched this.
It's a perspective, yeah.
I remember the first time I read Empire of the Summer Moon, which is about this place right here.
Right where we're at, I was like, Jesus.
Like, how where we're at.
I was like, Jesus.
Like how could we, how did I not know this?
How does this not taught in school?
Like what happened?
Because it's a fascinating story.
I know.
And you do really, really have to wonder that.
Why is that left out when it's one of our best stories?
[1:49:02] Like I was talking to some of these guys out here earlier about why is Kwanis story just not as popular as like Custer and Crazy Horse?
Right, Kwanoparker.
Yeah, and I think it's because it's more complex.
It's not as easy as the one guy from the one culture, the one battle, Custer, Crazy Horse fight.
Right.
Done.
It's more of like, it's all over.
There's Jack Hayes, there's, you know, Kwanoparka, there's the formation of the Texas Rangers.
There's a technology of the cult.
And there's another example of Cynthia Ann Parker, another example of someone who was kidnapped at a young age, became a command machine, and then they rescued her and she's like I want to be rescued.
Yeah.
I want to go back.
I'm trying to escape.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What a time man.
And so sad how she like how she died thinking that Kwanoh was dead and he wasn't.
Yeah.
And just how much he like wanted to honor her memory and how much you know he loved his mom and he like a good dude he was, like just such a badass warrior.
[1:50:07] And then he was also a diplomat and took care of everyone and built that star house.
You know?
Also kind of crazy that he killed all the white people.
And still, that is to meet the pressure and hang out with everybody.
People would have, like, forgave shit back then.
They're like, yeah, let's let that go.
That's the time we live in.
Everybody was murdering everybody back then.
That's what was really wild.
It's like just human life back then was worth so much less.
People were so much more savage.
Dude, the story of just Texas and the fucking Comanches is so wild and it's so unappreciated.
And I like, I really think that with our country and our culture, we really do have a cool history.
That was so unique where, you know what I mean?
Nothing like that really ever happened.
And like to your point, we had a way to keep records on it.
But there's all these rad stories about native history.
[1:51:02] Like there's this dude, William Weatherby.
If you can look up the story of William Weatherby, the Creek Warrior Red Eagle.
He led this big rebellion of the Creek Indians and the government hired Andrew Jackson, who was later president.
I think to go fight him, he's this big civil war general and these creeks would build these big fortifications and try to fight off the army and they blow it apart with cannons and just slaughtered like hundreds of creeks, fought this big protracted war with them like in Alabama.
And nobody even knows about the fuck Creek War or who William Weatherby is.
But when you hear his story dude, he's like William Wallace of America.
You won't believe this motherfucker, okay?
His whole village is getting wiped out and there, and he's a leader and they're like, where's William, I was gonna say Wallace, where's William Weatherby?
Weatherford?
Is it Weatherford?
Well, I couldn't find a Weatherby, but I got a Weatherford.
Weatherby's a rifle.
Yeah So anyway, he's this Creek Warrior and he's like the leader and he's getting tracked down and they're trying to find him and they're like basically [1:52:09] It's kind of like the Braveheart how they're like why do you have an American name?
I mean back then they were Interacting a lot with the English and it wasn't uncommon for a native to have a white name I think it was half white half Indian too But he was such a bad astute.
So they're basically like saying, if you don't, if Red Eagle, that's his Indian name, doesn't come in, we're gonna just really devastate these people, we're gonna, you know, all your people are gonna be having a bad time.
So they were like basically gonna hurt his tribe if he doesn't surrender, okay.
And so he's riding in to surrender and he sees a deer, if I can shoot it, picks it up, guts it, throws it over his saddle and keeps riding in to go surrender.
And he gets there to Andrew Jackson.
And he's like, if I had an army, I'd fight you to the death.
[1:53:02] But you've killed all my warriors and I only have women and children and I'm not going to let them suffer so you can chase me so here I am.
Fucking kill me if you want to.
Do whatever.
What did you do?
Well Andrew Jackson actually said this dude's so brave let's have a drink.
They went in the tent tent drink some whiskey and As they're in the tent everybody's chanting all the soldiers are chanting see there is Kill him kill him kill him kill him.
That's the soldiers big chance all around from the army Kill him kill him kill him Jackson walks out Everyone's quiet Does let me tell you ready?
Eagle is the bravest motherfucker of all of y'all.
And if anybody touches their hair on his head, you're gonna answer to me.
Don't fuck with Red Eagle.
And let's go.
Imagine being a fly on the wall during that meeting.
Yeah.
See that guy coming and sit down.
Yeah.
But just the bravest, if you read this story and he gives this incredible speech, like I didn't really do it justice, [1:54:06] but he's just very eloquent, you know, says this shit and is like, do what you want with me.
Don't fuck with my people.
I don't.
The history of Native Americans, there's so many people don't know what happened.
So many people don't know that Native Americans went to Paris and met with whoever the hell was in charge back then.
Yeah.
Crazy shit.
The actual truth is stranger than fiction.
Yeah.
You know?
Because the people right and fucking movies are going to go, I don't want to try that.
A fucking hard cowboy Indian.
Right.
Put in the can, whatever they say.
I wonder if someone's going to do a real realistic movie about the Comanche.
It doesn't test strangers.
They say I wonder if someone's gonna do like a real realistic movie about the Comanche And the teachers Rangers take the dude the Yellowstone dude doing the Empire of a summer moon That's right.
Is he doing that?
Is that official?
[1:55:02] That's gonna be what he'll do it right Taylor Sheridan knows what the fuck he's doing.
He'll do it right if anybody should be entrusted with that Did you see 1883?
Oh, yeah amazing?
Amazing, I?
Amazing.
So good.
And how the Lakota's, how they put the feces on the arrows to poison them.
Yellowstone Tailshared in Lanz and part of the Summer Moon will write in direct epic Comanche leader, Kwana and the rise and fall of Old West Fierce's tribe, January 18, 2024.
Fuck yeah.
He's gonna nail it what's that gonna be like it's gonna be a lot of i hope that the westerns come back as a genre because i really think we should take pride in our history more you know what i mean i think it would bond us more is just like we're americans are are uh...
like ancestors they fucking went across the sea they went across the continent they fucked with the command G's like they were brave they're crazy that's who our ancestors are they should be honored dude we should be thinking about them going we're Americans we're bad ass we won the fucking world war two we the you know some of us had a couple of lone stars like yeah [1:56:02] not damn it we're fucking Americans.
You know what I mean?
We fucking did it, bro.
Like this is the history, dude.
It's a fascinating history.
It's certainly a fascinating history.
And it's riddled with horror stories.
Horror stories and amazing accomplishments and brave people and all of it mixing together.
Yeah.
Crazy stuff.
Yeah.
Well listen, brother, no one captures it better.
No one captures the Native American imagery and just the feeling of it better than you.
Your stuff's awesome man And so it's been dope getting to become friends with you.
Yeah, same here dude.
I can't thank you enough Being here is such an honor You know helping me get my art out there to the world Just can't thank you enough bro.
Oh, I'm more than happy more than happy that people get to see your shit It's awesome.
Yeah, well, I'm gonna keep trying to put good stuff out there.
You will.
I'm sure you know I have a hundred percent faith in you everything you do is dope.
I appreciate a lot.
What's up Jamie?
I thought you said something.
Oh listen man.
Thanks for coming appreciate it tell everybody how they can see your stuff finds online [1:57:03] You can just look me up online.
Greg over to find art.
Instagram Greg over to find art.
I'll be in Santa Fe during Indian market.
Mid August and I'll I'll be at the fucking Jackson Hole art auction.
There it is.
One man show Jackson Hole art auction in September.
And that's the fucking top of the top.
So there it is.
One man show Jackson Hole Art Auction in September.
And that's the fucking top of the top.
There it is.
I see you.
My man.
Appreciate you very much, man.
Thank you for coming.
Yeah, man.
Bye, everybody.
================================================================================
Episode Title: #2149 - Sebastian Maniscalco
Transcript:
Hello Sebastian.
How are you Joe?
My first time here at the Austin property.
Yes.
And first of all, most comfortable chair I've ever said.
They're great, right?
I feel like when I come here, or when I come through this podcast, this is my third time on it, I feel like I'm in the future.
All right.
I feel like you got things that aren't even out yet, right?
I just feel like this chair, the general public can't even have access to that.
No, but they do, we've had these for years.
Well, whatever they are.
These are great.
They're beautiful.
Then I feel like I've never drank water out of a...
Metal cup?
Yeah, and I feel sustainable here.
I feel like there's a reason for everything that you do.
Well, there's definitely reason for metal cups.
You really shouldn't be drinking out of plastic.
Okay.
Again, I mean, I do.
I drink a plastic water bottle, someone gives you one, but I avoid them whenever I can.
Yeah, of course, we all know how to plastic.
When I'm drinking out of plastic bottles myself, and I don't know, I don't see that much of a...
It's gonna turn you into a chick.
Well, maybe.
Hahaha.
Is this even real water?
What kind of water is this?
Oh, filtered.
All right, filtered water.
Yeah.
What is it?
So super filter.
Some crazy filter.
Definitely a special machine that's that you can't even the water outside the right.
Good water, right?
Till it.
That's very delicious.
And then you got a whole, I don't know if anybody's ever talked about your area on your side of the table.
There's just so much shit going on over there.
[2:03] There's tens.
There's mamm so much shit going on over there.
There's tens.
There's a mammoth teeth.
I got a arrowhead a religion arrowheads probably 500,000 years old.
You got soil on your bookshelf out there.
Yes.
Well, I never seen anybody jar soil.
Well, that was from a gentleman who runs white oak's pastures his name is Will Harris and he He has this amazing farm.
It's a regenerative farm and he gave us two Pieces of soil to Is that Karl Barker?
He wants a fight.
He didn't get enough biting me this morning He didn't get enough biting me this morning.
One more offer.
Carls getting hard, dude.
He bit my finger.
That was a really yip that I went in.
He bit me this morning.
I was like, yo.
Carls goes after me.
No, yeah, you went after me.
But anyway, that soil, one of them is a jar of regenerative soil, which means soil [3:01] that is how a farmer's supposed to be run where there's manure and chickens and all the animals just ruminate and they live off the land in a natural way and it's a deep rich dark soil and the other soil which is pale is that's industrial soil.
That soil that's been used with industrial fertilizers and the top soils dead and it's just garbage which is most of what we and it's just garbage, which is most of what we eat.
See, the difference between you and I is you actually remember what the soil does and what.
Is somebody getting me soil?
Somebody getting me soil?
Somebody getting me soil?
And you said you got soil?
I got, yeah, somebody getting me dirt.
And I would know the difference between the two.
You see the dark dirt is the good dirt.
That's the real dirt.
That's the real dirt.
That's how dirt's supposed to look out in the wild.
That's what we're supposed to be eating food from.
Mineral rich soil.
So you get healthy vegetables, healthy animals.
That's beautiful that you have that on display.
Yeah.
And again, coming and taking a tour of this place [4:03] is inspiring.
Coming and taking a tour of this place is inspiring You make me want to spend money Yeah, he's just spend money you definitely should spend money because if you don't spend money like what's the point in having?
I know I wish I could get there, but you look at watch your ballin look at that This is what is that my wife gave me this beautiful one.
What is that?
My wife gave me this for a beautiful watch.
What is that?
It's a Cartier watch for a wedding.
That's gorgeous.
Let me see that.
Let me look at that.
Cool.
That's a pretty watch.
That is a lovely watch.
Well thank you, Joe.
I appreciate it.
Yeah.
Yeah, she gave me this for a wedding gift.
Very nice.
But watch got Yeah, she got.
You answered faster.
She got a lot more taste than I do.
I tell you that right now.
I know, yeah, I let my wife pick out almost everything.
When I have nice sneakers on, it's generally my wife bottom.
Does your wife comment on your clothing?
She does, but she leaves me alone for the most part.
But she'll dress me occasionally, [5:02] if I have to go out, but I'm basically a fucking teenager.
Yeah, well yeah, like a T-shirt, like a J-shirt suit.
T-shirt, yay.
I wear T-shirts.
Yeah, they're comfortable, or jeans, they're comfortable.
You know, I don't really give a fuck.
I don't think I've ever seen you in a suit.
I wear suits, yeah.
Yeah, I have some nice suits, I have like a whole row in my office.
I'm in my house, my closet filled with suits.
Yeah, I got a bunch of custom-made suits.
Cause I can't wear regular suits, I don't fit them, you know.
There's a lot of 200 pound, five, eight dudes.
It's just very odd shaped.
They don't make clothing.
Shimp.
Shimp sizes.
Short shoes.
To be quite.
Yeah, but it's a nice fitted suit.
It's a fucking wonderful thing to have, because it just fits perfect.
All the cuffs and everything.
You feel different, you put it on, you know?
We, all the boys, we did a show in Vegas.
We did the MGM, the Grand Garden Arena, and we did a Me and Brian Simpson, Tony Hinch, Cliff and Hans Kim.
And we, we got them all suits.
I said, let's all get like we're doing Vegas.
Come on, let's do it.
[6:05] Rat pack styles.
We got some of these beautiful David August suits and Jamie got one too.
It was incredible.
Nice.
It was so much fun.
Yeah.
It's nice.
You feel different when you show up with a suit on.
You do feel different, however.
Look at that.
That's us.
Come It's a nice sharp sharp.
Everybody's looking sharp.
Look at Jamie with the shades.
Come on.
I've got the full pulp fiction ponytail going on.
Look at you.
Yeah, nice, right?
I feel though, with a suit.
Right, and I've noticed this as I've gained some weight in the midsection, wearing a suit is becoming extremely uncomfortable if you don't have like a very kind of tight wearing a suit is becoming extremely uncomfortable if you don't have like a very kind of tight body.
Right, if you get stuck around here, it binds you.
Tuck in the shirt, there's the buttons.
I hang around from the body.
So I'm fluctuating in my weight where the suits I got right now, [7:04] I got to work in them.
Yeah, well you and me are both Italian and Italians.
We just love our pasta, it's a problem.
It's a problem, especially.
It's a problem when you, after you hit 50, it seems to not go away.
It doesn't go away.
The only way to go away is to not eat pasta.
That's the only way.
It's the only way for me, not Eposta and booze.
If I cut way back on the booze and no pasta, my body just goes, and it travels back to normal.
Yeah, I'm in the process of trying to get back.
And it's so hard to avoid that food.
The food is just like, if it's in front of me, I just have a real problem.
Well, you're like to eat meat.
Do you find that the meat is helping your physique and stage?
Yeah, if I just eat meat, yeah, definitely.
Yeah, because meat is very satisfying.
Meat has what's called a high satiety rate, which means like when you eat it, you get satisfied when your body's had enough.
But I always say this like, [8:01] if you gave me a steak, just a steak, 16 ounce steak, I eat it, I'm good.
I don't need anything else.
But if there's a bowl pasta next to that steak, I'm eating the pasta too.
If there's some bread and butter, I'm gonna eat the bread and butter.
Somebody rolls out dessert, of course I'll have dessert.
Next thing you know, I've consumed, 1500 extra calories that I didn't even really want or need.
They just, you just get addicted to just stuffing your face.
Just stuff.
Oh, if I don't leave like this, like my stomach literally will descend out where I look at myself in the mirror, I'm disgusted, like what have you eaten?
Look at all the mass you put in your body.
Because if you looked at, like, we keep your stomach like right here.
This is normal my normal stomach, but if you add That much food, which is I'll consume that much food easy.
It just goes right here.
Oh, yeah Oh, I just look you like you fat piece of shit.
You lazy [9:02] Slavinly greedy fuck Like look what you've eaten.
You get any sweat at night when you sleep after you have me?
I'm drenched.
I have a thing called an eight-sleep mattress cover.
I have one.
They're fucking amazing.
Okay.
It's a game changer.
Okay, so do you crank that thing up to 10 after you eat a meal like that to cool off the body?
No, generally, if I'm sweating, it's because I'm having nightmares.
I'll have some nightmares and I'll wake up drenched.
Not in that thing though.
That thing, generally, I don't think I have woken up sweaty since I got it.
It's really, I always used to wake up sweaty.
I wake up at wet sheets.
Don't get sheets.
No, I eat a rib-bye.
I get up at two o'clock in the morning, I get up and I'm like sweating.
And that never used to happen when I used to eat.
I don't remember what I have the eight-sleep thing dialed into, but I got it right there at the sweet spot.
[10:00] I've tried it a little too cool, a little too warm, but now I got it right there.
I sleep like a baby.
Do you have a heat up in the morning?
I think it does.
I think it's on some sort of a cycle.
I'm not exactly sure, I don't remember how I set it up, but there's a bunch of different options that you can do, and you can even have a different option for you or your wife if she likes it warmer or cooler, it's nice.
No, it's been a game changer for me.
It does make a big difference.
Yeah.
Taking care of your sleep is, I've really prioritized that, especially recently, because you know, on in the club and being out late and I was doing two shows a night, which is also a lot, was too much.
I was doing six hours of comedy a week, just doing three nights, just doing Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, two shows a night, but it was just, I was too tired, I was burnt out.
And I wasn't getting the proper sleep because I'd get home, shows over, you know, like 12, 30 or something like that, I'd get home, hanging out with the guys at the club, I'd get home at like 130, and then I start writing.
And so I write from 130 to like four [11:06] and then I have to get up at 10 to work out and like this is too much.
I have to talk to my material in the day to night.
Yeah, that's my right.
Wow.
Yeah, I almost always find that I'm most productive when everyone in my house is asleep.
So I don't have to like, dad, you know, I have to think about anything, did you do this, did you put that away, did this, where's the thing?
I don't have to deal with anything, the dogs asleep, everybody's cool, I can just sit in front of that fucking computer and think, you know, unless the only time that I have like free reign of my house, where there's no one awake.
So I get my best.
And also, I think you're jazzed up when you get off stage.
And if you just hold onto that, like your brain is already kind of in comedy mode, your brain is already thinking.
Yeah, for me, I do a voice message.
I record the set and I'll listen to it afterwards, [12:02] but as far as like creating, I mean, I feel like after 10 o'clock, the whole body shuts down.
And I got two small kids, so maybe that's why they're all really.
Sure, they're all really.
Yeah.
But yeah, I mean, 9.30, 10.
There's, there's, I talk about the two shows.
I mean, I used to do two shows with my, my eyes closed.
And now it's like the second show, it's like, hey.
Are you taking vitamins?
Uh, I take supplements like, you know, multi-vitamin.
I'm sure I don't have a dialed in as- She did a dialed in as- That'll make a big difference.
Much should be.
But I just feel exhausted.
Yeah.
I am tired.
Yeah.
And I just constantly have to have sips of caffeine throughout the day to stay alive.
That's where I'm at.
You look like you wake up ready to go.
Right?
Right?
I got this whole vision of what your day must look like.
[13:00] You must spring out of bed and go, give me it.
Right?
Right?
I never, I only I've known you, I've seen you, you on.
Kid bro, you constantly look awake.
What is it?
It's health.
The water.
It's all the above supplements.
Definitely.
That's a big factor.
I take a lot of vitamins.
I take athletic greens.
That's one thing I take.
But I take a whole suite of different vitamins.
I take a bunch of different things like vitamin D, vitamin K2.
I take things for eyesight.
I take just fish oil.
I take creatine.
I take a lot of stuff.
Okay.
Yeah.
I took three or four vitamins ones.
I swallowed it with some water.
I coughed at a puff of white smoke.
[14:03] Came out of my mouth.
Fightin' about here.
Yeah.
I think the body's rejecting the white.
You got it?
It's gotta be a slow process.
You don't wanna dive right into the amount of vitamins.
The amount of vitamins I take is like half of this coffee cup.
Cheese.
Every day.
All right.
Yeah.
I'm taking a cup like this.
You have like a whole cabinet It's filled with supplements when I pull them out.
So when you travel, what do you care, you care your suitcase of supplements?
I have a bag and in my bag.
Most of the time when I travel, there's a company called Pure encapsulations and they make these packs like athletic pure pack.
They're great for travel.
Very easy, you don't have to think about it.
Just rip open the pack, take those vitamins and you're good.
So when I'm on the road, generally, you getting rid of Carl?
Is he too, too rowdy?
He's rowdy, he wants a bite me.
He's too thin.
Very, very, very, how cute is that dog?
He's cute, I just want a dog.
I just got a dog, guys.
I never, never a dog.
It's a labored doodle and it's great dogs.
It's extremely intelligent.
Yeah, but I don't think it likes me [15:07] What I don't know.
He's looking at me like I was my wife loves my kid doesn't like you.
I don't know just it's Mm-hmm.
It's not as excited to see me as maybe my wife and kids really and just very perceptive on the Maybe he wants to meet a man.
Is he the man of the house?
Well, he's becoming the man.
Does he have balls?
Ah, yeah.
Well, keep his balls.
Don't, don't.
That's what the, I think the dog trainer said, just keep them keeping up with lots of things.
The whole idea is you don't want unnecessary puppies.
Right, I agree.
Don't let your dog breed.
But be with your fucking dog.
But if you take your dog's balls off, now your dog doesn't have any testosterone anymore.
They develop hip problems and joint problems.
They're tired all the time.
Just like a man.
If you take his balls away, they become a unique.
That's what you're doing to your dog.
Okay.
I've seen people do it and they're like, oh, I wish I didn't do it.
Like Andrew Huberman said that.
He started giving his dog testosterone [16:06] because he gave his dog, he got his dog fixed.
And then his dog was like, listless all the time.
And so he's like, he felt terrible.
And they started doing the research on it and looking into it and like, oh, then you need hormones.
Dogs do it just like people do.
It's terrible for them.
Yeah, we'll keep his nuts intact.
I had a vet that told me that.
One vet, a great guy.
And he was like, don't do it, don't do it.
Everybody says to do it.
Like you're not gonna, you're not taking your dog somewhere and letting your dog breed with a bunch of different dogs and have puppies that are irresponsibly.
So your dog has a nice yard.
You're a good dog owner, you're with him all the time.
Like don't worry about it.
Don't do it.
As long as you're paying attention to it.
Yeah, just the whole idea is just to not, I mean, people are irresponsible.
That's why I can't go to the dog pound.
If I go to the dog pound, I will have 20 dogs I would have I would have many yeah [17:08] I always had dogs I would have as many dogs as I can I love them they're just pure love and if you have a good relationship with your dogs if you dogs love you and you love them it's like every day I wake up and I say to my dog good morning sir and he goes whoo he starts whimperpering and whining and wagging his tail 50 miles an hour.
And he goes around circles.
And we hug it out and I kiss him and I rub his belly.
It's like we have a morning ritual.
I'd love dogs, man.
Oh, it's nice.
It changed your life.
They make your life feel with love.
Cats are cool, but they're kind of a loof.
You know, they want to be pet and then they go away and they're cool.
They just want to go outside and kill something.
Your dog is like your friend.
You know, it's a hangout with you.
Like I take him to work.
He's like, are we going to work?
That's crazy.
We're going to work.
Every day when I bring out the ball, I think he's going to the fucking ball!
He's got the ball!
He's running around circles, jumping up in the air, [18:06] trying to steal the ball from me before I throw it.
It's amazing.
Yeah, that's what I hear a lot of dog owners.
You're not having that experience.
Well, not yet.
Not yet.
How old is he?
He's like three months old.
Just spend time with him.
I know.
I'm playing.
I'm just saying I'm getting.
I don't know if it's the colon I got on I would smell awful They what the hell is it probably smell like a chemical fact?
Like what the fuck is this dude smell like?
Whoo, I feel I feel I feel do you work alone?
I feel like you don't work alone do you work alone?
What do you mean?
Do you work alone?
Where alone?
Yeah, I saidologne.
No, no, no, no, no, I don't wear cologne.
No, I barely wear, I only wear deodorant because I don't wanna be offensive because I will get offensive.
I'll smell terrible, but I wear natural deodorant with no aluminum in it and all that chast.
Of course you do.
Yeah.
I don't smell you don't smell at all.
No Are you sure?
[19:09] I could you not smell I don't I don't have whatever it is that gives off any type of body odor I really I don't have it.
I don't have you been told this by someone or you just like deduce this on your eye?
I gotten sweaty many at times and I've gotten sweaty many a times.
And I've asked my wife, do I smoke?
She says no.
So I don't emanate any odor while I'm sweating.
Interesting.
Maybe your wife can't smell good.
No, I'm telling you Joe.
Believe me, I'm very keen on odors.
So if I smell anything, I make sure that that's taken.
Odors are interesting because you know, your all factory senses, they detect changes in smell.
They don't detect static smells.
That's why people that live in an area like with a slaughterhouse, they don't freak out.
Like my family used to live in Pennsylvania, and when I would drive from New York to go visit them, when I would drive through these areas where they have farms and slaughterhouses, fertilizer.
It's a fucking terrible smell in the whole town.
[20:06] Like how can these people live here?
They don't smell it.
Oh, the no body odor gene, that's what you have.
People have the ABCC 11 non-functioning gene variant have dry earwax and little to no body odor.
Now, hmm.
I've known this for some time, right?
Yeah.
That I have no body odor.
Now, I've known this for some time, right?
That I have no body odor.
But it's nice to come on the show because there's always a reference put up.
I could look that up.
I never looked it up and here you come and you walk away knowing that you don't have the gene that emits odor.
Yeah, some sort of a gene expression.
Interesting.
I wonder what the benefits, we were talking about this yesterday, like people that didn't shower.
There was people that went their whole life without bathing because bathing was considered a sin.
It was sinful.
You want to discourage people.
What was that about that we're reading?
[21:05] It was something religious, right?
It was about like royalty and old-timey people.
But St Agnes, is that who it was that went his whole life without bathing at all?
His whole life, no bathing.
I can imagine that.
Imagine that guy smiling like, imagine what his asshole smile like.
What the fuck, dude?
Have you gone recently in the last ten years Imagine a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, I work out.
So if I work out I wish I were.
I wish and I'll cold plunge and sauna.
So that's you know you just drench this way.
You feel like shit if you don't wash off a little.
No I agree.
I'm just I think I might be showering too much.
How much is shower?
Well I normally get two showers in a day.
Real sometimes three.
[22:02] I feel like I feel like if I'm gonna go to dinner say with my wife I feel like I can't take the day shower and bleed it into the night I feel it's at the reset right to get re-ready for the nice Yeah, I want to look nice.
You want to feel nice put that watch on put the watch on Yeah, go on have a nice bowl of pasta.
Yeah, sweat the death.
I'm talking Do you use the eight-sleep thing?
Does it help you?
Well, it's, again, I got this eight-sleep, it's supposed to monitor your sleep.
Right.
I got the horror rings, supposed to monitor it.
You know what I need?
What?
I need accountability.
I need to send the data to someone and have gone someone and have them and have them analyze it and go You know what the problem is you're waking up at one o'clock in the morning and that's disrupting your sleep But I got all this data.
I got an Apple watch.
Oh, I've burned 390 calories.
Okay [23:02] What does that mean?
You know like there's no, I have a lot of data, I don't have a lot of analysis.
All right, do you have a trainer?
I have a trainer, yeah.
Maybe she get a nutritionist.
You got some bread, get a nutritionist.
What's someone we can show the data to?
No, tell you what you're doing wrong.
All right, I need someone to hand over the data to that.
Yeah, they have like companies that do stuff like that.
Okay.
Yeah, you can get that done.
Yeah, you should do that.
Yeah, I bet the late night eating things are real problem.
That one makes you feel terrible when you're sitting.
Well, what's late night eating?
Okay, like some say, all right, you should have dinner at 5.36 o'clock and after that, you don't need if you go to bed around 9.9.30.
I mean, what's a late night meal for you?
At one o'clock in the morning last night, I was cooking elks dicks.
One o'clock in the morning.
Yeah.
Well, then you were up to 4.30.
I was up to 3.
Yeah.
I mean, as long as you're not going to sleep, I figure out two, three hours.
[24:00] I think two, three hours are a good time to go to bed after a meal.
A couple hours.
Yeah, but I've done it like where I eat and go right to bed.
That's terrible.
That's terrible.
That's what one went out and I'm like, we have eight o'clock at night, we're eating next thing, you know, eight, 41 or in bed.
And I'm like, is this healthy?
So I should go for a walk.
Go for a walk right I just saw something online that's walking.
I was gonna share that.
Oh, it was an agreement lab.
Oh, yeah, there it is.
That's from Andrew Hoobman again.
Brief post meal walks and blood sugar regulation.
So they explain the simple yet large positive effect that a brief post meal walk as simple as it may sound, the date is impressive and it is impressive stuff.
I forget exactly what the numbers were, but you should, 35% change in your blood sugar level is by taking a walk around the block after a meal.
Pretty amazing.
With all this stuff that's out, right?
All this information of how to live your life and you took me to a tour, you got the, you got the, the bank, the sauna, [25:03] I feel like at this age, at 50, all the stuff that you got to do to prepare for the day, by the time you're done with it, you got to go back to bed again, right?
So by the time you work out, do the cold plunge, you're in the sun, you're in the tank, and then it's time to go to bed.
It's time to go to bed with all it all the shit you gotta do, right?
It's not that much.
It used to be you just work out for an hour, you took a shower, and you went out with your day.
Now I gotta go submerge myself in the water, I gotta go sweat, then I gotta go float in the tank.
But the tank takes a lot of time, but the other things don't take the float tank takes a lot of time.
But the other things, like cold plunge adds three minutes to my day.
Sauna adds 20 minutes to my day.
It's 25 extra minutes of my workout.
That's it.
No, I...
I wasn't looking for the time break down, George.
I was just thinking...
But it doesn't take the whole day.
But I'm just saying the amount of shit...
Then you ought to eat the vitamins, the half of the cup.
And then...
[26:01] But it's all said done.
It's time for dinner.
No, no, you get things done, man.
Just sit you exaggerating.
I don't, I don't, I don't, it's the way you do humor.
I get it.
I get it.
It's plenty of time.
It's plenty of time.
You just don't waste you to like today.
I wasted an hour just scrolling through Instagram.
It's one of the rare days I just felt like indulging myself.
Like, it's fucking see what's going on in the world.
Bunch of nonsense.
Some interesting things, but just a bunch of nonsense for a whole hour just wasted scrolling.
Yeah, I mean, there's time, there's my numbing things that you do to kind of like whatever carry yourself throughout the day.
I'm just saying 20 years ago, nobody knew about any of this shit about what you're sweating and what that does.
Now with the internet you could throw up.
You know, before the internet, if we were talking about walking, right, we would just go, oh yeah, now walk is good for you.
Next thing, you know, now we got a whole study up on [27:02] the screen of how walking is beneficial to you and this that and the other thing.
I'm just saying with the amount of information out there, sometimes it feels a little bit overwhelmed going, how much do I have to do to get through today?
Well it depends on how you want to feel.
If you want to have a lot of energy, like I do, you have to do a lot of things.
And I firmly believe this is the reason why I'm so productive.
And I think if I didn't do the cold punch in the song and the workouts and the vitamins and the eating healthy, I'd be a completely different human being.
I know, that's why I'm...
I wouldn't have the energy.
No, I get it.
There's a lot you got to do.
Yeah, that's why you got to do.
Like I see people on internet sweating.
So I'm like, then I'm like, okay, do I got to start sweating?
Is the steam room that I got at home?
Is that not enough?
Do a couple eucalyptic sprays breathe in, sweat a little bit, and then I come out right?
That's not bad.
Okay, but now do I need an infrared sauna?
[28:06] Because now I gotta get the sweat that's inside, that's not coming out.
But Steve, what's happening?
The infrared sauna is probably very good for you, but there's not a lot of data on it, like there is with the traditional dry sauna.
A traditional dry sauna, there's a lot of very beneficial data.
And the thing about the difference between steam and sauna is you can't really get steam hot enough Because you'll cook because it's just too crazy You know you can't get a hundred and ninety degrees steam shower You'd literally go in there and scald your skin But you can get a hundred and ninety degree dry sauna and you go in there and you really fucking sweat Yeah, that's when your body develops all those heat shock proteins, because your body's reacting to it overheating.
So it has to do something to sort of mitigate that effect.
And that effect of mitigating it is what's so beneficial for your life.
I mean, there's a study out of Finland.
They did a 20 year study that found that using the saw on a four times a week for 20 minutes at a time, [29:03] and I think it was 175 degrees.
Lower is your all cause mortality by 40%.
That means strokes, heart attack, cancer, everything.
Lower is it by 40%.
And this is a long term study of many, many people.
So the 190 degrees is a lot more beneficial than the steam.
As steam at 120, is that doing anything?
It's doing something, wasting time.
Yeah, that's all good.
A hot bath is good.
Everything is good.
Getting your body to heat up is good, because it gets your body to react, and it's the same thing.
It develops those heat shock proteins.
A really hot bath is very good for you.
If you can get it a nice hot, especially if you get some Epsom salts in there, you get that magnesium.
You got a really hot bath.
Woo, very, very good for you.
You know what I started doing?
Talk about magnesium.
And I don't know if you've ever done this, but I'm doing a...
I got a little spray bottle of magnesium.
I spray it on my feet at night and I put socks on.
[30:04] Have you ever heard of that move?
No.
Why did you do that?
So I don't mind.
Look at how I'm gonna try this.
I'm a guy.
I'm telling you right now, this is what I do.
I don't do research.
None?
None.
I see that.
I go, oh, okay, it's pretty magnesium.
I was just be putting sax sex.
I'm gonna try it at the night.
That's it.
No Google search.
No Google search, no, not that.
It could be killing me for all I know.
I don't think it is.
But I'm doing magnesium feet sack sleeps.
Does it seem to have a change in the way you feel?
Again, having done it consistently enough to even find out if this is helping me.
Right.
So I'm a guy that does like things kind of on the whim And there's really no consistency with it, right?
Let's look into it for you because the magnesium foot spray that's I'm now interested like what is the deal behind that there's definitely multiple products being sold for as magnesium oil for your feet [31:02] I didn't see anything necessarily to necessarily saying need to keep socks on too.
I throw the socks out just because I don't want to oil it.
I don't want magnesium all over the bed.
I'm trying to find like a solace.
That's a good move.
That's the worst of.
No, that's what I'm doing.
My wife is even looking at me going, Jesus gracious.
I swear I'm going to get you to bed spraying my feet.
I'm like, why?
She's like, really?
You make me see mine your feet.
Is this sort of relationship?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, what the fuck?
So I don't know if you get, the internet probably don't even have this information.
I saw it like on a random, I think it was an Instagram video.
Well, I would imagine it get absorbs through your skin just like the float tank does.
The float tank is a great source of magnesium because there's a thousand pounds of epsom salts in the water and your skin absorbs it.
So, I would imagine your skin's absorbing that stuff, your spraying on your feet.
Yeah, it just doesn't absorb it as well as like an oral supplement.
[32:01] Okay.
That's about all it says yeah, so not good absorption, but it works a little bit.
Okay, full soften I can help with cramps or some sort of nerve functions magnesium house you go sleep though, right?
It's a good one for sleep.
Yeah, yeah, I know sometimes when I get those IV in this magnesium in there.
I feel exhausted We The I the IV again, this is another thing people do.
Right.
Oh, you gotta get a bag of whatever the hell's in the thing.
Right.
I don't even ask.
I just give me the bag, whatever you, whatever you, and then I get it, right?
Don't feel any different.
No?
No, nothing.
You will if you're sick.
Yeah.
If you're, if you're, if you're, or I tell everybody, if you are down, if you're feeling shit and you run down, get an IV vitamin drip.
It'll, it's a game changer, especially with a high dose of zinc and vitamin C.
You get an IV vitamin bag and you will feel way better.
Bill Burr was sick as a dog when I saw him last.
[33:01] I was like, how long have you been sick for?
He's like, two weeks, I can't shake this call.
I go, please listen to me.
I just do this.
Get a vitamin IV and he texts me the other day.
He's like, Dr.
Rogan, he goes, it fixed me.
I'm gonna do that from now on.
I'm like, from now on.
Anytime you're sick, you feel like shit.
Get a high dose, vitamin C, zinc, B12, the whole deal in a bag.
You'll feel much, much better.
Because it gives your body the tools it needs to fight off whatever the fuck is trying to get you.
Yeah, Joe, listen, I've done the bag, right?
Well, ill.
Has it hasn't helped?
Well, it's helped, but not like where I came out of it.
Like, this is what I'm thinking.
If I take the bag and I got a cough, after I take the bag, the cough should go away.
I don't want the cough anymore.
Right.
And if the cough is still there, I feel like, eh, eh, eh, eh.
Have you ever done NAD?
No.
NAD is rough.
How do you say nucleotide, adeninide, what does it do?
[34:05] Nicotineinide, adeninide, adeninide, adeninide, adeninide, adeninide.
Oh, yeah.
What is it?
So, NAD is a supplement that you can take that actually helps your telomeres lengthen, which is a sign of healthy, healthy bodies and young people.
Found in all living cells, NAD is called die-nucleotide because it consists of two nucleotides joined through their phosphorus groups.
So you take that in an IV bag and generally most people do it over a long period of time.
You do it over like two hours.
So you just watch a movie.
Because it's very uncomfortable.
What, what, to get in?
Yeah, the NAD is very uncomfortable.
It's very uncomfortable for your stomach.
It makes you like cramp.
Oh, okay.
You're like, whoa.
If you do it quick, it's like it's a intense feeling that most people don't enjoy.
What's the benefit?
What does it do?
There's a lot of benefits.
It's a benefit for your immune system.
There's a benefit cognitively.
You feel much better.
You just you come out of it when your [35:08] bodies replenish with that stuff.
You just feel fantastic.
Okay.
Feel really good.
That's something else I got to do.
But that's one that needs some time.
Unless you can go hardcore and just like deal with the uncomfortable feeling.
I don't do anything hardcore.
Nothing.
Nothing comfortable feeling.
I'm gonna do anything hardcore, nothing.
Nothing in my life is hardcore.
Interesting.
Interesting.
Do you have an aversion to hardcore things?
Or is this how it all panned out?
It's just how I'll pin out.
Hardcore for me is...
Hardcore is comedy, that's what I do.
Okay, hardcore is one thing.
One thing.
One thing we're all in on.
All in on comedy.
But other than that, outside, I wish I was more interested and dove into things a little bit more deeper than I have.
Everything with me is a little bit on the surface.
Do you really wish that?
Because I feel like if you did wish that, you would just do it.
Right?
[36:00] Yeah.
I just wish I had the, I don't know what it is inside me that would make me want to learn more about Like I like cooking, right?
But I don't dive so into it where I'm coming up with recipes and doing this and that and the other thing Right, right, right.
Let's look at a YouTube video make that make the fish and then here's the fish But I don't take it to the another level.
I don't go get the beautiful knife for the pots and pans and all the stuff that goes along with cooking, right.
My interest level is surface rarely does it go underneath the surface.
You know what I really got into out here is cooking over wood, like live like actual hardwood, not just lump charcoal, like getting wood and using an offset smoker and slowly searing the steaks, or slowly like cooking the steaks rather, and then searing them at the end over the coals, I take the coals and then I put the coals from the hard wood underneath the grill [37:02] and then see if this shit out of it.
Okay, I hear that.
I hear that.
Yeah.
And my brain is gonna explode like that again.
That's too much.
That's too much.
That's too much.
But we're all different, fast.
So I know we're all different.
What, like, do you know the kind of wood that it lives, you want oak generally alive oak or you want, if you want to grill hotter you like a lot of guys like Mesquite I like Mesquite and oak those are my two favorite but I'll try cherry I'll try some different woods some places you can go to get hard wood just for some because there's so much barbecue out here yeah this company that'll just deliver cords of wood to your house okay speaking of wood right I got a pizza oven my My goal is to make pizza.
It's not as easy as people might think to make pizza from scratch, to dough and the whole thing.
It's very hard.
So I've tried multiple times.
And, you know, I'm the, again, I'm a guy that, [38:01] I'll try it again and hope for a different result, but I'll do the same thing I did before.
Just hoping magically, oh, it's gonna come out.
My pizza don't even look like pizza.
I don't even, it looks like the shapes are unrecognizable.
I can't even get a circle on the damn thing.
To work, I work it out.
It's not pliable enough.
So when I put it in there, half of the cheese flies off into the stove, I bring it out.
It's a mess.
Why don't you get pre-made dough?
You can get pre-made dough, Joe.
And for whatever the reason, I cannot get a circle with the thing.
I try this.
I bet if you went to like a real Italian pizza real, they would show you how to do it.
Again, you went there.
Joe, listen, you teach me something.
I come home.
I forget half of the shit I learned.
I don't have any retention or comprehension on anything.
Is this always been the case?
It's always been the case.
But not with comedy.
That would.
That's like interesting.
[39:01] The one thing that you're successful at, like super successful at, you've like focused entirely on that.
I had no more focus.
The focus I have is for comedy after that the focus wanes because I feel like I just don't have, you know, that's probably a good way to live.
Yeah, just say, let's just be casual most of your life and be intense about one thing.
That sounds like a good balance.
I don't think it's any wrong with that.
Well, I would like to learn more things as I, even when you got kids now, you could teach your kids how to do the archery, you got the archery thing, you know, hunting, you know how to hunt, right?
I'm trying to figure out what am I passing on to my kids as far as skill sets as a concern?
Yeah, I do talking shit, huh talking shit.
That's how you get it talking shit My kids are real good at talking shit These are funny things man.
It's fun.
We have a fun house.
It's like a lot of fun shit talking That's always that's always good.
Then they make fun of me too, which is fun.
Like there's no, you know, I could never make fun [40:06] of my parents.
There was none of that growing up.
They're fucking yell at you.
Oh, we had that relationship with my parents.
Yeah, you can't be Italian parents.
No, no, we did.
Oh, yeah, I'm gonna be making jokes around.
Yeah, just goofing around.
Okay, they didn't.
There was not a lot of joking around.
No.
So I love joking around.
And so they make it fun to me all the time.
Like it's hilarious.
Your daughters?
Yeah, they're funny.
They talk shit.
And they know that I like it.
They know that I laugh.
So everyone's like, we have a good time.
They talk shit to each other.
They talk shit to their friends.
The talking shit is fun.
It's like, it's a fun activity.
It's one of my favorite things about a green room at a comedy club is that everybody's talking shit.
You go back there, everybody's bustin' balls, crackin' on people, guys and girls, everyone's laughing, or I'll just, like shit with each other.
And it's hilarious.
It's such a beautiful environment.
[41:02] You know, like a green room of a comedy club where you're around a bunch of good people and everyone's laughing and we're all jazzed up because you're about to do shows and oh that's how I wanted I wish you were in last night I wanted to take you to the club.
Yeah I wish I would have came to the club.
It's so much fun man it's such a great spot my, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's my, here's my center of attention or contributing to the fun.
I've always been the guy that just kind of comes in quiet and listen because I don't know a lot of the comedians intimately enough to have that like comfortable.
So if I walk into a room like here, I just did the show with Seinfeld, Nate Bergazzi and Jim Gaffigan.
And we all backstage, I tend to be the one whose, [42:09] I listen, and I chime in every now and again.
I don't have to be the guy that comes in and kind of like pisses on the room going on.
That's actually good, that's a good trait.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And also when you're around those guys like, hey, what a great time to sit back and listen.
You got side-feld, Napar Godsy, and Jim Gaffkin and a room together?
Look at that.
Yeah, so we had a great time, but I'm just, when did that's crazy?
When did what?
I was gonna say, like, look at you.
You look like an Arab.
It doesn't look like you.
When did you turn into a guy from Palestine?
I don't know.
Where's that photo?
What did some of the tuition for the filter on you?
That does not look like you.
Am I right, Jamie?
I just dark.
No, no, no, no.
Dark.
The guy, he came off a yacht.
There's no other way.
Like, the screw, he looks like a guy in the get octopus.
I got Mediterranean one.
You don't even look like you.
[43:06] Like in that photo, you look handsome.
Don't get me wrong.
You look great.
But you don't look at you.
No, you know what it is.
Everybody else is white.
That's what it is.
Super white.
When you're next to Jim Gaffigan, right?
Right, right, right.
Of course you're going to look like you are the favorite.
That he looks like a normal color in that which is wrong.
Yeah, look at that.
Look at that.
Well, that at least looks like you.
That other photo did not look like you.
Maybe it was the lighting, Joe, but that's me.
I was there.
I believe you.
I'm 100% believe you.
I'm just saying that.
Like, go to that last photo, Jamie.
I'm not lying.
Right.
Go to that last photo Get the fuck out of here, then I you That's some that's some dude that works for the Saudi Arabian government I Came over here Make some sort of a deal to try to get comedy to go over the Middle East.
I know a lot of guys You do comedy in the Middle East and they give you like a list of shit you can't talk about I did it oh wait [44:01] Bunch of comedians that scares me a List of shit you can't talk about, like what if I slip up?
Yeah.
What if there's a moment in the crowd where someone yells something out?
And I think it would be funny to say something.
And whoopsies.
Yeah, there's a lot of editing.
Now you're in jail.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Who had a problem with that?
Who was it?
Someone actually went to one of those Middle East countries and did a gig and almost got arrested.
It was Eddie Ift.
Yeah, he, the only thing that saved him, I believe the story was, I believe it's Eddie.
I think the only thing that saved him is some of the royal family thought he was hilarious.
They didn't have a problem with what he said at all.
I think he called someone sir when he not supposed to call him sir You supposed to call him your highness or your excellency?
And he was referring to people in the audience and talking to them and calling them sir And then they were trying to rest him afterwards.
Geez Yeah, yo Like sir's not good.
That's that even like I thought it was something.
No, it wasn't anything [45:03] That's why I'm nervous like that's not, I mean that's not even anything crazy.
That's nothing.
But your brand of humor, did you take that and did you do corporates and that wasn't your style?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Everybody that I've ever known that's done a corporate after they do them, they go, why did I do that?
Ron White just did one.
He was his worst fucking experience in my life.
But they offered me a shitload of money and I said, yes, I kept saying no, but they kept coming up with higher numbers.
And eventually I said, yes, and he was fucking terrible.
Tony Hankscliffe just did one.
He said it was fucking terrible.
They're always terrible.
You like him?
Joe, I gotta be honest.
I don't mind a corporate.
Really?
I really don't mind a corporate.
Yeah, you have had those awful corporate gigs where, you know.
What percentage of what?
I just ran into Sandler.
He told me he ate dick at a corporate gig.
Yeah, I mean, Adam Sandler.
Yeah, they're not.
They paid to see Adam Sandler.
They knew Adam Sandler was gonna be there and it's still sucked.
It's the environment sometimes.
It's like you're walking into whatever they just had their [46:06] Breakout meeting and then they're coming and oh, it's comedy, but it's just the different vibe They're all scamming about their careers.
They're all networking.
Yeah, fuck and making their little backstabby moves But you call them you call them out on that you know you kind of like do material about what they're going through during the three day Sales meeting at the Venetian right, you know, so you kind of like do material about what they're going through during the three-day Sales meeting at the Venetian right, you know, so you kind of relate to I actually I don't I don't mind them as much as other You know comedians are corporate this I actually don't mind Jay Leno loves them.
Yeah, I mean that's where he's made the majority of his money Jay you know Jay Leno all those fucking cars he has, never spent a dime of his tonight show money.
I know.
Never spent a dime, puts it all in the back.
It's amazing.
All those cars, it's all him doing gigs.
Well, here, you didn't grow up with money, right?
So, now you're super successfully got this money.
[47:02] Was there someone that taught you how to manage money or how to look at money in a way where you're like, okay, I have a good grasp on this.
Yeah, I mean, money manager would have you, but I'm just talking to your relationship with money, is it like, yeah, we're here, you live it up, spend it, or is it more like, do you ever think this is not gonna be the most Popular podcast ever or do you even do you even think that way?
I don't think that way.
I never thought it would be popular in the first place When I first started doing it there was just me and Brian Redban in my fucking living room like and then Comedians Joey Diaz come over Eddie Bravo comes over are he comes over we just Haven't fun just talking shit.
I comes over.
We're just having fun.
Just talking shit.
I never imagined.
I didn't plan for it.
Like when everybody has those vision boards, like this is how you become successful.
You have to manifest it.
I didn't manifest this at all.
Zero.
The most successful thing I've ever done by a long shot and I've put zero management into it.
The all I've done is just keep doing what I enjoy doing [48:09] and it turns out other people enjoy too.
That's it.
It's just talk to people like yourself, talk to funny people, talk to interesting people, talk to people I agree with, talk to people I disagree with, have civil conversations with people who you disagree with things.
It's good for you too.
Just all I do is just do what I enjoy doing.
If I could do this for free, I would still do it.
I enjoy it.
So you do this podcast.
Yeah.
You have no aspirations of the zero the hugeest thing ever, right?
I don't even have any aspirations for growth.
I don't say, you know, when by this time next year, I'd like to have no.
No.
You just focus on.
What I'm doing, yeah.
I'll put it.
I feel like everything else is a distraction.
Like as long as you're making enough money, Brian counts it something he wants, and I never forgot it.
He said, and we were kids, we were in our 20s.
He said the only amount of money you need [49:00] is so that you can go to a restaurant and not care what things cost.
Everything else is bullshit.
If you got enough money, you can go to a restaurant and you don't worry.
Just order a bottle of wine, order meat, order whatever you want to eat.
You don't think about the price.
He goes, that's real freedom.
Because everything else, like all that other shit, you forget.
That's all just becomes complicated.
You don't need that.
Which is just real freedom is the freedom to not worry about your bills.
That's the real, like I experienced that leap, that jump when I got a development deal.
So I was like, I guess I was 25, 26 maybe, 25?
I got this development deal from Disney.
And it was like $150,000.
And I couldn't believe it.
I had $150,000.
This is nuts.
And I felt like a physical weight lift over my shoulders.
Because back then I was a road comic, you know, you do a gig on Thursday.
It's 200 bucks.
You do a gig here.
It's 150.
You know, you're scraping together enough money [50:02] so that you could pay your bills and eat.
And you were always worried about gigs.
Always trying to fill my book.
Always trying to call booking agents, drive to Connecticut, drive to Jersey.
Where do I go to make some money?
And it was all just trying to stay alive and trying to make it, right?
Trying to become like a, like I didn't really think I was a legit professional comedian.
It could all go away.
And so I got that development deal and it was the nuttyest feeling in the world.
It was like I felt lighter.
I felt lighter.
And then I was like, oh, that's the key.
Like get the monkey off your back.
Get the bill monkey off your back.
And that's the real freedom.
The real freedom is not being rich.
You don't feel any different being really rich other than the stuff that you can do.
But the way you feel in the day is the same way you feel if your bills are paid.
That's what you want.
All that other shit is like the other thing I noticed when I moved to California was the first time I had a nice apartment and I'll never forget this either.
I was sitting in my apartment and it was a beautiful place in North Hollywood, had a loft, had a pool table in my apartment.
[51:06] I was like, this is amazing.
How is this real?
How's this mind?
After a while, it just became my house.
And then I realized, like, oh, this is the same feeling I have when I'm home that I had in my shitty apartment in New York.
It's the same feeling.
It's like, oh, this is home.
It's the same feeling.
It's not better.
It's not worth the amount of money that it costs.
If you're like renting a house, it's way over your budget and you're doing Uber just to try to pay your bills.
It's not worth that.
It's, it's, it's, what's worth it is, if it's coughed, if you have a TV and you have a nice bed and you can cook your meals.
You're good.
That's what you need.
That's all you need.
Everything else is just like the amount of effort that you have to put in to make the amount of money to get all these other things.
Leads you in this constant state of anxiety.
I think people just get lost in this idea of constantly making more and getting more and chasing more.
[52:04] I just concentrate on what I do.
That's all I concentrate on.
I concentrate on work, I concentrate on comedy, I concentrate on UFC fights, I concentrate on podcasts.
And I don't think about those other things.
I don't think about the direction of my career at all.
Well, that's a great way to look at things because the only thing you really have control of is what you do have control of is.
What you do.
What you do.
What you put out.
So you being a pioneer in the podcast world, right?
You and Mark Merren, I feel like we're kind of, Adam Curry was the first.
Adam Curry was the original.
The MTV VJ.
He's still got a podcast now.
He's excellent.
He's a good friend of mine.
And he's the number one guy.
He's the pod father.
Okay.
He's the pod father.
He's three named it.
They started it off together.
Yeah.
They started doing it years before I ever did it.
And yeah, Mark had his a little bit before mine.
Adam Corolla was the first because Adam did it off of radio.
So Adam [53:01] had that radio gig where he took over Howard Stern slots when Howard Stern went over to serious.
Remember that?
So he had this morning show and that morning show was doing real well until, do you remember they used to have a talk radio station in LA before podcast?
There was like Tom Lycus was on there and there was a bunch of good shows.
Yeah.
And that also made me think about doing podcasts too.
I mean, I didn't know that a podcast was ever going to be a thing.
But I was like, this is a talk radio station now.
Like talk radio got so big, mostly because of Howard, I think.
But because, but there was a whole station where you could listen to the station.
It was all talk radio all day long.
There was a science guy on their late night, I forgot what the hell his name was, but yeah you're right.
There was like a station had all these kind of cool talk formats.
And what I'm saying is for me, I'm not so versed on the history of podcasting, but for me, I just remember [54:01] you as being one of the first guys.
Yeah, we were first.
Okay, so now you're here.
When you look at the landscape of podcasting from when you started to where it is now, do you go, wow, this is amazing and all these people are doing it.
Is could anybody do this?
It feels like everybody has a podcast.
I feel like there's a specific skill set to podcasting.
Do you look at what you did early on and what you're doing now and go, wow, look at the growth as far as- That's definitely a lot better.
Yeah, I'm definitely better at talking to people.
Yeah, it's a skill.
You learn it.
It makes you a better conversationalist in the real world for sure.
Makes you more considerate.
It's like comedy, right?
And it's like you weren't the podcaster you were.
How long you been doing this?
It's about 15 years.
15 years somewhere around there, closing down on 15 years?
Yeah, so it took 15 years to get it to, I mean, obviously you've been successful for longer than, but it took a long time.
[55:01] It took a long ass time.
And I think nowadays, it's just, there's a amount of time you gotta put into something in order for it to be a gem.
Yes.
But, you know, even just the entertainment landscape as I look at it, has entertainment changed where now we're looking at the phone and we're looking at somebody do something crazy at their house.
There's a guy I've been watching this insane, his name is insane.
He's catching eggs in his mouth, right?
Do you see this guy insane, insane, I forget the name of this, insane shame.
This guy catches eggs from how far away?
50 yards, they're throwing eggs in this guy's mouth.
He's got the best mouth on the internet, right?
Does he break the eggs?
Or does he catch them and not have a break?
Oh, they're like hard like hard boiled or a meatball.
Oh, this guy's chucking meatballs.
And he's catching them in his mouth.
50 yards.
That's a skill.
So I'm watching it and I can't yeah, this is this is okay.
Okay, the marshmallow combine [56:12] Is he's not catching all of them no, he's he's catching all these kids him and that's spitting them out.
Oh my god That's insane Who throws a marshmallow 50?
Yeah, I think I think they're, I think they're like ex football players or the guys that are throwing, that's a guy's doing routes.
Catching marshmallows in his mouth.
So this is crazy.
People are trying to block them.
That's crazy.
He's catching the marshmallows.
That's amazing.
Okay, so that's a skill.
So I'm watching this now.
All right, this is entertainment now.
Okay.
He's got a million followers.
He's saying Shane once.
Yeah.
SHY.
He's diving off speedboats catching him in his mouth.
I mean, look at this guy.
Who would have ever thought that that would be a thing?
Oh, he dives into a ball.
Yeah.
This is a real.
Oh, well, this is real footballs.
So, as entertainment in your eyes, [57:07] change where it's changing, where this is now what people are watching instead of maybe a movie or a TV show.
Well, it's definitely consuming a lot of your time.
I mean, if you look at your screen time, like if you look at my screen time on my phone, on an average day, it'll be more than four hours.
And how much of that is doom scrolling a lot.
A lot, so that's entertainment.
So would I have been watching television during that time?
No, probably not, because you could take your entertainment with you now, which is even more distracting.
Yeah, but you're not watching.
You said you did an hour of Instagram.
You're not watching like a movie or a documentary.
Sometimes I am.
Yeah.
I mean, I spent a lot of time doing that too.
But I do that in certain places.
Like I'll watch a documentary on an airplane or I'll watch something at home.
But I generally don't take my phone and I'm walking around a house watching documentaries.
[58:03] Right?
Because you sit down.
You would sit down and enjoy that.
But this is something that I would probably, if I was on my phone from the kitchen to the bedroom, I'm watching a guy catch, catch, Mark Bell is a question to you is.
Okay.
If the internet or social media wasn't around, do you think that guy would be around?
Do you think this wouldn't be doing that?
But do you think this was existing 30 years ago where somebody was chucking marshmallows and catching them just for fun?
Yeah.
And we didn't see it.
There's probably a guy in the neighborhood that could do it.
And everybody would come over and watch Bob catch marshmallows with his face.
Yeah, I'm sure.
But it just never would have been the discipline that it is now where this guy's got like fucking, the guy's blocking him and he's juke and left and right and catching marshmallows in the air with his mouth.
It was pretty impressive stuff.
So do you think the social media and internet spawns this type of stuff?
100% 100%.
Yeah, 100%.
And it is a new form.
That's another thing you could say about podcasting too, [59:02] because before podcasting, no one thought that the time when you're driving or the time when you're at the gym is time that you could be entertained by something other than music, right?
Most of the time, unless you're listening to talk radio, of course.
But now the podcast thing is like you could pause it at any time, you could start at any time.
So if it's an interesting podcast and you got a two hour road trip, now you're occupied.
Now the road trip's easy because now you're driving, but now you're listening to some funny fucking shit and Joey Deez is telling stories and it's great.
I mean, so this like this area of entertainment wasn't available.
It wasn't being utilized before.
And so what podcasts are really good for is it allows you to be entertained and occupied while you're doing other shit I don't think most people who consume podcasts just sit there and listen or sit there and watch I think a lot of times like maybe you're cooking and while you're cooking you got your earbuds in you listen into a podcast or while you're driving [1:00:01] Or while you're on the fucking treadmill and you're bored, you get to listen to some interesting shit.
And I get a lot of messages from my friends that will tell me, oh, I was at the gym and I was listening to Shane, it was hilarious.
You guys are killing me.
Like that kind of stuff is, or, hey, this is guy, with that power plant, you Egyptian pyramid guy, you believe that?
What do you think about that?
I was at Now, freaking me out.
So it gives you this opportunity for entertainment that didn't exist before.
That's not completely useless, right?
Like the scrolling for stuff, the guy catching marshmallows in his mouth, I'm not getting anything out of that.
It's fun.
It's interesting.
It's kind of useless.
But podcasts are not, you know, you do get to sit in on interesting conversations, you get to consider ideas that maybe you never considered before.
So it wasn't available before.
And because of phones, and because everybody has, it's so easy to get a podcast.
Everybody has access to them.
Do you listen to podcasts?
Yeah, all the time.
Are you going to them for comedy or more informational podcasts, what's your, what's your forte?
[1:01:03] I listen to a lot of different podcasts.
I listen to podcasts that are comedy podcasts.
I listen to history podcasts.
I listen to podcasts about science.
I listen to podcasts about, you know, pretty much everything, hunting podcast, you know, which are very valuable.
Hunting podcast, because hunting is, it seems easy.
Like the idea seems easy to people.
It's not.
It's really hard.
And there's a lot of things that people learn along the way on in their journey of hunting and they'll explain it to you.
And so if you encounter that, I'll say, oh, Ravi Warren said, when you do this, be careful of that.
Now that's in my head.
It's a way to accumulate information.
Yeah.
And I listen to this Huberman.
Yeah, he's great.
And half of the stuff goes over my head, you know, like, he's hard.
He's hard.
You got to make, you even want to do podcasts with him.
I have to make notes.
I make notes, then I ask him afterwards and, you know, but he's very fact-based and he's a great guy too.
I have to ask you to stop talking about here but a new place.
[1:02:05] Do you ever have somebody come on the show where you're nervous to have them?
Like, oh man, this is...
Oh yeah, definitely.
Like, who are you nervous to interview?
Roger Penrose, Nobel Prize winner.
He's just a brilliant mind and older, you know?
So I'm like, how is this conversation going to go?
How do I engage him?
I don't want him to feel like he's wasting his time here, so I want to be prepared of good questions and I don't know how much the experience those guys have on podcast or how much an experience they have at all with comedians.
You know, I don't want to fuck around too much.
I just want to just get the most out of him that I can get.
I just wanna try to massage his wheels and ask the right questions and be curious about all the right things and be informed enough to know what the right questions are.
And what I'm actually, and also very fascinated by his research.
So I really, it's like having an opportunity [1:03:01] to talk to such a brilliant person.
You know, like he's done a lot of research in the big bang.
He's got a very interesting thought about the big bang that he doesn't think the big bang was the beginning in the universe.
And that's something that a lot of physicists are considering now.
It's very fascinating stuff.
The idea that the universe is eternal or much older than we think it is.
Yeah, that's crazy.
I mean, you gotta be a chameleon.
You got so many people different people coming in here.
Yeah.
You can accommodate the, you know, the doctors to what have you.
And you gotta like adjust.
You do have to adjust, yeah.
To every different personality.
It's just an art form.
But it makes you more flexible as a person too.
You can have conversations with all kinds of people.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
It's better.
I like it.
It's a lot better than the way I used to think before I started the podcast.
You know, 2009 I was very close-minded.
I was doing it just for fun.
I mean, I was open-minded generally, but not like I am now.
I wasn't aware of why I thought what I thought and what my biases are and why I think of things in certain ways instead of considering them from a broader perspective.
[1:04:06] But when you do a podcast, you're kind of forced to do that because there's a lot of times, even if I agree with someone about something, I have to take the position of someone who's skeptical and ask them a question like, but what about this?
So instead of just confirming them and us existing in an echo chamber, I'll try to offer consideration like, okay, but why?
Someone could think of it this way.
Do you think of it this way ever?
Have you ever tried to think of it this way?
And just like see, you know, how their brain works.
Everybody's brain is, you know, they're different.
You know, you have children.
And one of the things you find out when you have children is, bro, right out of the box, there are different people.
There are different people.
It's fascinating.
Because you, you know, you meet a kid and he's four, you're like, look at that smart kid.
You know what, an interesting kid.
But you don't, you didn't get to see that kid with his brother and his sister and all of them coming out of the same woman and going, this is all from the same father.
Like this is nuts, they're totally different things.
They have different personalities, different likes, different strengths, you know, it's [1:05:08] really interesting.
Yeah, it's crazy to see, I mean, my daughter and my son, the differences between them.
And you don't really notice it or don't really pay attention to it until you have kids of your own and you actually see it go, oh, this one's outgoing, this one's shy.
Yes, this one likes piano, this one likes tea ball.
So it's like, even me and my sister, you have brothers and sisters?
Yes, I mean, my sister and I, although very similar, also very different, and it's really crazy as a parent to, and also you wanna to you know you want to give them structure you want to give them kind of the best things you grew up with from your parents and then put those you know give them to your kids as well but you also want to see them flourish in their own personality so you know the parenting thing is you know I take it extremely serious like I want to give I want to be there for my kids [1:06:06] I want to I want to I don't want to work so much where you know You know like even even coming to Austin, Texas for podcasts or going to Dallas for a show It's like yeah, you have to think about it.
Yeah, it never used to think, I would be like, bookie, just get it, just bookie.
And now it's more like, hey, you know, are we coming to this run?
Are you guys gonna come to New York?
We're gonna bring more families.
That helps a lot.
Yeah, that helps me a lot.
If I could take my family with me.
You know, I take them with me a lot of times on Vegasrips too.
It's nice.
Yeah, it's nice, especially now that the kids are getting older that could travel more.
Also Vegas is a fun place to do stuff.
You know, there's other stuff we could do before the fights.
I don't know if you ever done escape rooms.
You ever do escape rooms?
No?
No, escape rooms are fun.
I'm claustrophobic.
[1:07:07] And this just happened to me recently.
Don't get that tank then.
Don't get that sensory deprivation tank.
If I could do that, it happened to me on an airplane.
Oh, no, sitting at the window seat.
It just overcame me.
I get out of here.
And ever since then, like I get I have to have an aisle seat.
If I go to a theater and watch a show I have I can't be confined You just came out of nowhere.
I didn't know where I had an airplane And I had to go in the back for two hours and hang out with the flight of tenants and like stand on rest of the the Wow, so did you tell them what was going on?
Yeah, I said listen So did you tell them what was going on?
Yeah, I said listen I'm freaking out I'm crawling out of my skin.
I'm sitting next to two people.
I feel like I'm trapped I can't get out so I'm very anxious now if I get out an airplane and Here's one okay, go out of there plane [1:08:01] Hey, hey to do this, but there's a family and the father's like, do you mind changing seats?
So my daughter could sit next to me.
I said, where's the seat?
And he's like, it's the window seat.
And I got, I can't go over there because I'm claustrophobic.
And of course, he was looking at me like I was making it up because I would've.
Right, you know, I mean, somebody told me that, I'm like, this fucking asshole, why don't we sit with my daughter?
Right, but it's so bad where I just, I can't sit at the window.
Well, he could always ask somebody else.
You know, he could just ask someone else.
Yeah, but you were by yourself.
I feel like I'm, I feel like I let him down.
Yeah, I'm sure he did.
Yeah.
I'm never that guy.
I'm always very cooperative, whatever we need.
Yeah, me too.
I always move seats.
Yeah.
I'm always worried about other people freaking out.
Like, there was a video that just went viral recently of some guy saying he was gonna take the plane down.
Dude, the guy stood up and then, you see that guy, Jamie?
I said about someone freaking out.
I worry about another person that you're gonna have to deal with.
[1:09:06] I feel though if somebody's freaking out.
You think he stabbed people.
Didn't he stab someone?
He had like a little knife on him and he stabbed a couple of people.
Yeah, he was saying that he was gonna take everybody out.
Oh God.
I feel if you're on an airplane and that's happening, you would be one of these guys that would handle it, right?
Yeah, the problem with handling it is you're probably going to get sued and you might even get arrested and depends on how much damage you do.
You could permanently damage someone.
People are very flippant about beating people up but you could easily permanently damage someone.
You could, people are very flippant about beating people up, but you, you could easily permanently damage someone.
No, I believe me.
I believe you can.
I'm just saying you have that, I think that instinct, you know, like, what's the problem where I have more of an instinct of, is there a Joe Rogan on the plane?
I was on a plane once the lady asked me if I would help her because these two guys were fighting one guy [1:10:06] Got in first and he put his briefcase Above this other guy seat and then he sat down and the guy who is right behind it goes.
No, no, that's my spot That's my seat that spot over here's no, it's not it's first come first serve put it somewhere else It was open I put it in there and he goes, no, that belongs to my seat and then they started getting like belligerent with each other.
It started getting like to the point like, oh my god, are these kids kind of fight in first class.
And so then this fucking lady who is the the flight attendant she came in and told them both she was going to have the remove from the plane sit down and shut up and then she came to me and she goes, if anything goes down, you're going to help me, right?
That was like, what do you want me to do?
Because if I'm going to help you, it's going to get real messy.
You're going to say that you said it was okay for me to do that to that guy?
[1:11:00] Like, you know, I'm not going to, like, I'm'm not gonna play nice.
If you're on a plane and you've gotta take someone out, you have a very short amount of mood.
It's gotta be very violent.
You gotta debilitate them.
You gotta like take them apart right there.
You can't like hope that you can hold onto them and then they relax, then what you go back to your seat, then I gotta, you gotta put them out.
Yeah.
You gotta, you gotta risk.
You gotta risk.
You know.
As you're talking to me, I feel like you're going through a bunch of different moves of what you could possibly do.
It's gotta be violent.
If you're gonna, if you got a guy like that with a knife, you're not grabbing that guy.
You're not just grabbing that guy and bringing him to the ground and holding him down.
You're going to beat his fucking brains in.
You're going to stop his body from moving.
Because otherwise it's dangerous.
Like you're in a position where you're being forced to use violence against some irrational, [1:12:00] possibly schizophrenic, who knows what the fuck's going on with this guy.
He could kill everybody pastor stabs fellow traveler with weapon of pens and rubber bands on Seattle to Vegas flight Okay, so what's going on?
Fashioned a handmade weapon before launching an unprovoked attack against a man seated across the aisle Yeah flying Flying used to be Look at his pen.
He's so he developed up made a weapon out of his pens.
He taught all his pens together and held on to them Wow, he said I Planned on attacking and killing him the defendant stated Jesus Christ Defendant felt the mafia had been chasing him the last few months.
Yeah, so you go So he skits a phronic and you know, they don't have fucking scans for that when they bring them in I'll during the interview the defendant admitted to the FBI agents that he was trying to stab CR in the eye to reach CR's brain to kill him okay He was protecting a seven-year-old son [1:13:01] The victim's wife was also hurt in the attack because she was shielding the couple seven-year-old son.
That's awesome.
The victim's wife was also hurt in the attack because she was shielding the couple seven-year-old son, Jesus Christ, man.
So this guy just decided that this guy was in the mafia, that was coming after him and he snaps and he wants to kill him.
What's going on on airplanes?
Why is there all this violence now?
I think it's on airplanes.
First of all, there's a lack of respect for authority that came with the whole defund the police thing.
So there's like a people are more belligerent towards authority.
So you have that.
And then you have the general heightened level of anxiety of the population post COVID went up substantially.
COVID fucked a lot of people's lives up.
We got lucky.
We were very fortunate.
We make money.
We were able to make money during the up.
We got lucky, we were very fortunate, we make money, we were able to make money during the pandemic, we had enough money to be okay.
A lot of people that's not the case.
So so many people lost their businesses, so many people lost their livelihoods, so many people have a deep distrust for the government and the world now.
And then there's this thing where people [1:14:02] are being coddled for being mentally ill, where you're almost like having a mental illness is something you can talk about.
It makes you interesting.
So I think people encourage mental illness.
They encourage breakdowns, and they do it all the time in the real world, and so they think they could do it on fucking planes.
And then you got genuinely mentally ill people who are just out of their fucking minds, who really shouldn't be out there in the world And you know they think the mafia's after them and they're making a fucking handmade shank while they're sitting in 16A You know the whole thing's nuts and it's just like I think people are just much more on edge right now than they've ever been before And I think a lot of it is a function of mainstream media.
You're being fed every day.
The worst shit that's happening in the world.
Gaza, Ukraine, you know, the fucking ocean's boiling.
Oh my God.
What is happening?
Putin's doing this and jeezing, paying his in control of that and the fucking borders open.
Ah, fentanyl.
Ah, you know, it's just like everyone's on edge.
So you get all those [1:15:04] people and you stick them in a fucking tube tube and then you fly them through the air where there's no one that's really there's no authority figure on that plane there's these women these poor women or men or whoever they are that's flight attendants that have to fucking deal with these people and most of them are just regular people they're not mean they do have uh...
those guys that hide undercover that are on planes occasionally what do they call those guys yeah what do they call them air marshals they stopped doing that all the security right to get the report all the security to get on the plane once you're on the plane no security yeah they got they got security i walk around whole foods making sure you don't steal an apple.
Yeah, you're a 35,000 feet up and what, the flight attendant's gonna subdue a guy with pens, I mean.
Exactly.
And who's gonna get hurt along the way?
What if he did stab that guy in the eye?
[1:16:01] You know, like Jesus Christ.
You know, even Mike Tyson got in a fucking fight on a plane.
Some guy kept fuck with him, he turned around and beat the shit out of the guy.
And now Mike's getting sued.
I saw that.
Yeah, I think I should go to, they should ship that guy somewhere where it's terrible.
You gotta live here now.
What's, what's, what'd you take on this Tyson thing?
I go back and forth.
I don't generally like the idea of 58 year old men fighting.
It seems crazy risky at this point in your life.
You're definitely going to be slower.
You're definitely going to be, your reflex is going to be slower.
You can't take shots as much.
But I don't think that a 50 year old man today or a 58 year old man today is the same thing as what we thought of as a 58 year old man when we were kids because of hormone replacement.
So because of nutrition, hormone replacement, science of recovery, and they've got Mike Tyson doing everything.
He's doing all kinds of things.
He's not a regular 57 year old guy.
[1:17:01] And then you see him hit the pads and he go Jesus Christ man.
I mean this is a terrifying human I mean he's Still fucking terrifying hitting the bag hitting the pads that he still has the ability to deliver those punches And if any one of those hits anybody they're fucked you're fucked.
He's not it's not like of those hits anybody.
They're fucked.
You're fucked.
He's not, it's not like his punches are, you know, 30% of what they used to be.
They're like 80 to 90% of what they used to be.
Yeah.
Somewhere in that range, it's probably a little slower than he used to be.
He used to be insanely fast.
There's a video of Tyson hitting the bag as a 19 year old and he's throwing these combination.
He's like, and he's throwing these combination like two hundred ten pounds two hundred fifteen pounds throwing combinations like sugar a lenders like it's it's insane to watch he was so fast and that was a big factor in his success he does not have that kind of speed anymore [1:18:01] but he's still fast is not slow joe i mean we're just we're just watching a 58 year old man.
Crazy, right?
Now, if you 30, 40 years ago looked at a fit.
I was watching the, we are the world documentary, and I'm looking at the people.
Kenny Rogers is in that, and I'm going, I'm probably 60 years old here, right?
And I look at, it's 47.
47 years old in the, are the world so the the aging process has I mean No way 58 year.
Yeah, it's guys 47.
That's crazy younger than I am.
That's crazy.
He looks He's 10 he's 10 years younger than me in that video Yeah, yeah, so Yeah, the 58 year old man now.
Look at you young ass Billy Joel.
Tina Turner.
Billy Nelson look young.
Damn.
Hold William Nelson there.
I know.
I know.
100.
No.
Holy is 90 now.
I know how old is that.
[1:19:02] 52 years old in that video.
Is he really?
Yeah.
It's amazing.
So you're right.
58 how old is it 90 52 years old in that video is he really yeah, it's amazing So you're right 58 years old is it's very different different what was forming when he came back 45 when you won the title 43 I think it was 33 or 36 when he was coming back and everybody was mocking him and then he beat Michael Moore when he was 45 years Old he's the oldest man to ever win the heavyweight title.
And that was before, hormone, place, that's what I'm saying.
I think Tyson is a 45 year old formant, no?
Yeah, it's similar.
I mean, formant wasn't as fast even back then as Tyson is now.
Tyson's still faster, but he's smaller too.
George is a very big man.
George has enormous, he has hands that are like the size of cigar box.
They're fucking giant fists, which is a big factor in punching power.
This was George at 45 years old.
And Michael Moore, who was a sensational light heavyweight, was kind of undersized as a heavyweight.
[1:20:00] As a light heavyweight, he was a fucking assassin.
But George caught him with a one, two, and put him out at 45 years in aweight he was a fucking assassin, but George caught him with a one two and put him out at 45 years in a fight he was losing.
I mean Michael Moore was out boxing him But here here even at 45 you don't look at that boom You don't look like no Tyson at 58.
No, right?
No, he was much slower But George was always kind of slow.
He just has thunderous power He was never like a real fast guy Like Ali or any of those other guys.
He was just thunderous ridiculous power George was just terrifying and I don't know the ins and outs of boxing But is this Logan Paul is he a is he a legitimate boxer a legitimate boxer?
Yes People mocked me when I was saying that before, but now I think people are coming around.
And the way I look at it, I say if this kid was not a YouTuber, if he wasn't some guy that you knew from the time he was like 16 years old on YouTube, and you just saw him box, and you saw him knock out former UFC champions, you saw him beat legitimate boxers or beat athletes and beat a bunch of MMA fighters.
[1:21:07] You'd go, this kid can fucking fight.
He knows how to fight.
Like, it's not, it's not, nothing he's doing looks wrong.
He's not like sticking his head straight up in the air and winging punches to his eyes closed.
He's fighting well.
He looks good.
And if he was just an up and coming boxer that was this exciting, like highly promotable, like really good at selling fights, he'd be like, this kid's the future.
He's really something special.
And the fact that he's willing to fight Tyson, even if Tyson's 57, just the fact that he's willing to actually take a chance at Mike Tyson not being able to do what he used to do.
Because that's what he's doing.
The gamble is, like, there's not a fucking chance in hell that Jake Paul would survive against the Mike Tyson that beat Marvis Frazier.
You ever watched that fight?
That's my favorite Mike Tyson fight.
Because that was Mike Tyson [1:22:00] before he won the title.
It was ABC Y World sports and Joe Frazier was had been talking shit about Tyson that was in his prime.
He'd beat Tyson and so he had a son fight Tyson and it was an execution.
It was an execution.
Is that the one in Lanark City where it lasted one round?
One round.
Let's let's watch it because it's one of my favorite fights to watch Tyson because it's Tyson in his prime where he was fucking Terrifying he was so fast and he would do angles and he was bobbing weave and you couldn't hit him and he was just common at you And he was young.
He was 20 years old at the time.
He he was he couldn't be stopped No one had the solution and I I submit that that Mike Tyson the Mike Tyson won the title against Trevor Burbick the Mike Tyson that beat Larry Holmes I think that Mike Tyson is the best heavyweight of all time.
I don't think anybody fucks with him.
It just he didn't maintain that form and he wound up losing the bus to Douglas and you know, it's [1:23:01] I look at fighters when they're in their absolute prime.
Like what, what did you, what have you ever seen that was better than this?
And with Mike Tyson, I've never seen anybody better.
I've never seen any fighter, even Ali in his prime, even Ali when he was cashless clay, I never saw anybody who looked like Mike Tyson in his prime.
I think it just, you can't maintain the kind of focus that was required to be this guy Look, I mean marvelous looks fucking terrified and he should be Because he kind of knows I mean marvelous was a good fighter My marvelous was a good fighter, but this is just a terrifying mismatch Like if I had if I was a Vegas odds maker I would put this at a million to one.
I'm like, he has to break his leg.
Like he has to fall down and twist an ankle.
Like otherwise, he's so Tyson was 20 and Frazier was 25.
So do you think this is this is the last we see of a guy like a Tyson?
Is there another [1:24:01] Tyson out there?
Or is it they can always emerge.
Combat sports always, so this is the beginning of the fight.
Look, he's just moving forward.
And Fraser's just trying to just bob and weave and find his openings, but Mike never gives you any time, man.
He never gives you any time.
He's always right in front of you.
And he's just measuring you.
And it's just a matter of time before he catches you.
And here it is.
Bim!
Look at this.
Oh wow.
Oh wow, I, bro.
He just puts him away.
Just puts him away.
It's an execution.
It was just a matter of Mike Tyson closing the distance.
This Mike Tyson, as fast as he was, as hard as he hits, I maintain he's the greatest.
Yeah, I mean.
The greatest heavyweight ever.
Like that Mike Tyson those fights were you wanted to see executions.
You didn't think anybody was going to beat him.
Everybody he fought looked like they were about to die when they were in that ring.
I don't I don't think we see this again, Joe.
You never know.
It can happen.
Jake Paul's favorite.
He's a favorite.
Yeah.
Well, he's 27 years old and he's a really good boxer.
He's a very good boxer like he's a legitimate professional boxer [1:25:08] He fought Tommy Fury who's also a legitimate professional boxer a real good one He's you know, he's Tyson Fury's younger brother and he lost a close decision But it was a good fight a real good fight against a good fighter.
He can fight.
Yeah But if that Mike Tyson from Marvelvis Frazier fought Jake Paul, Jake Paul's dead.
He's dead.
He's not gonna make it.
So you have to say how much has Mike Tyson lost from that 20 year old guy in the 37 years since then, which is, it'll be 38 by the time they fight.
He'll have turned 58 by the time they actually fight.
Yeah, but that's the best it gets, right?
The best it gets.
The best it gets.
By 37 years, you gotta feel like it's, you know, yeah, he's lost some, but.
He hasn't lost everything.
He hasn't lost everything.
Yeah, if you see him hit those pads.
Absolutely.
He has not lost everything.
But he's lost like maybe just normal right.
He's still not normal but he's still like a professional heavyweight boxer.
[1:26:08] He's still terrifying.
No I'm not saying he's not but I'm just saying even even coming off the best I still think he wins.
You coming off it's hard to say because you never bet against a 27 year old fighting a 50 year old.
I just what I have in my brain and I can't get out is that.
You know, I'm saying like it's also his mind.
You know, like Mike Tyson's mind has switched over into war.
Like he was doing this interview and someone said to him, he goes, he goes, you look like you're in your 20s.
Like what are you doing?
He goes, I just eat raw meat.
Cause I eat raw meat.
He goes, you're eating raw meat?
He goes, yeah, I'm eating raw meat.
He goes, because that's what I'm gonna eat when I fight.
I'm gonna eat him.
It's raw meat.
Yeah, he's like, Jesus Christ.
He said this fucking mode.
He's in that God of war mode and that he's still got that in him and I'm telling you if you keep giving that guy hormones [1:27:06] And you keep giving that guy supplements and you keep and he's constantly training his look at this I'm after eating that because my point will be raw meat my point of view on me.
That's right.
Do you think my point of view?
Now, I saw the beginning of this interview where he had a shirt on, right?
And he was sweating so much he had to take the shirt off.
And they just put the microphone on his shoulder.
Yeah.
Bro, he's in Savage mode right now.
He's in Savage mode.
If I was Jake Paul right now, I would be shitting my pants.
Oh, bro.
If I'm fighting this guy and he sees me eating more on me, I call the fucking thing off.
It's all the experiences that he has had as a conqueror.
You have to take those into consideration.
When a man has smashed men before, just smashed men.
[1:28:02] Like when no one can stand in front of them.
That is in his mind still.
That's in there.
There's a dark chamber in his mind that he can open up.
And I think he's got it open.
The question is can his body move along with it?
But that part of his mind, like you're clearly seeing, he's terrifying when he's in the zone.
I changed the shape of the table because of him.
This table was, we had the table that was this size at the old studio and the new studio, I was like, maybe we'll make the table smaller.
It'll be more intimate, it'll be closer to the guest.
So we had Mike Tyson in when he was 300 pounds and he was just eating and having fun and smoke and weed.
He goes, I don't even work out.
He goes, if I work out, I'll excite myself.
It'll excite my ego and then I don't like that person.
So he just decided that he was just gonna be chill Mike Tyson.
And then he got this offer to fight Roy Jones Jr.
So he gets in insane shape.
And the next time I see him, the second podcast we do, [1:29:03] Mike now weighs 230 pounds, and he's got these muscles in his forearms.
So he's sitting there, and he's a different human.
He's so intense that I was like, if this table was closer to him, I would be nervous.
Like I wouldn't be able to do my best job as a podcaster.
Literally, that's the reason why this table is this width is the second podcast I deal with Mike Tyson.
Even Jamie, Jamie, when Mike left, Jamie's like, that's a different person.
That's a totally different person, right?
I was nervous the whole time.
I was so glad I was close to the door.
I'm hoping you were the first.
So intense.
He was so intense.
And that was a fight with Roy Jones Jr.
Where he just decided, you know, to have one more legends fight.
And he got like, look at him.
Dude, he's just, what the hell?
What do you need to get an exciting?
I'm serious.
They might.
Oh, you got both things playing at the same time.
[1:30:00] Oh, that was so good.
You had animosity towards so you could finally get your hands on them.
Hey, um...
What does it mean when fighting gets you wrecked?
What does that mean?
It's a good question.
She means you're getting excited.
Yeah.
So that's going through your mind right now.
Well that's how I get when I was a kid.
And sometimes I get the Twinkle.
The Twinkle.
Well, that's what I'm saying.
It's like you reached a state as a human being, as a champion, as a ferocious fighter.
You reached a state of ability and of accomplishment.
The very few humans were, I don't know if you can hear him breathing.
He's breathing.
Yeah.
It's like a line.
It's like a line.
When you're hitting the bag, when that heart's beating again, because I'm firing them up right now.
You're Mike, mother fucking Tyson.
So when you're doing all this shit again, you're still Mike Tyson.
Those thoughts have got to be burning inside you again.
It's got to be pretty wild.
I don't know.
It's, um, it's wild, but I believe it's rightfully so to be that way.
[1:31:10] I don't think I'm massive, but I just don't have to deal with it.
I don't let it overwhelm me.
No, of course not.
It's a strange conversation to have, because he was so focused and so intense, you know, it was almost hard pulling Conversation out of them and any time did you feel afraid?
No, I'm always afraid with a brother guy Kevin Hart said if best he goes it's like being a room with a lion Jamie Foxill joke is like some of the people that loosen the room.
They don't know who's it is because like some of the people that loosen the room, they don't know who's it is.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And James got to play him in a movie, which is gotta be terrifying.
Like don't piss that guy off.
I never talk like that.
Oh, sorry.
Sorry, sir.
I'm curious.
I'm gonna watch the fight.
We're all gonna watch the fight.
[1:32:01] I'm gonna watch it.
I mean it's brilliant move by Jake because like if he was gonna fight anybody else people would watch but with the same amount of people watched.
No.
No.
This is the one and this is the one where the old heads are all sitting around like going.
Oh well back in wait until he gets a hold of Mike Tyson boy he's gonna regret that.
All the old guys are like pulling for him like come on Mike come on more, you got one more in you.
Well, I think we see a different Mike Tyson than we did when he fought Roy Jones, right?
I think the Roy Jones fight they made an agreement not the punch in the head.
I'm pretty sure, because I watched that fight carefully many times and it never looked like he was targeting Roy's head, which makes sense why Roy agreed to the fight.
I think they probably made an agreement.
It would be like a real boxing match, but just don't knock me out.
Because he Roy is a smaller person, much smaller.
Roy was at his very best, he was 168 pounds.
And then when he was weighing a 175 pounds, he didn't even have to cut weight.
[1:33:02] He was playing.
He Roy famously played a basketball game a full basketball game the day of his fight Played a basketball game and then went and boxed the face off of somebody for 12 rounds Wow, you know, that's how good Roy was in his prime, but Roy was 168 pounds in his prime.
He wasn't Mike Tyson's size.
Mike Tyson's fucking enormous.
He's just a different mass.
He's the width, the density, it's terrifying.
And if they're older guys, I could imagine them making an agreement.
Cause if you watch the highlights, Mike never punches them in the face.
And even if they do punch each other in the face, it seems like it's just like jabs and small punches.
It's almost like sparring shots.
It's not like anybody's really winding up.
You know?
But really like throwing everything at it.
This fight doesn't have that stipulation?
No, I do not believe that's the case.
I think this fight is going to be a real full bore, [1:34:00] 100% fight.
It's not even an exhibition.
It counts on their professional record.
So it's a professional fight.
It's not even an exhibition.
The counts on their professional records.
So it's a professional fight.
Okay.
Yeah.
Is it eight rounds?
Eight, two minutes rounds, but you're the judge.
Yeah.
They made it two-minute rounds because Tyson's old.
And they were gonna do 16 ounce gloves with a down to 14, I believe.
Is that the case?
I think they're 14 ounce gloves, which is not much bigger than a regular glove.
You know, regular gloves is 10 ounces in the heavyweight division, six ounces in lighter divisions.
I think they use eight in some divisions too.
But most like big guys use 10 ounce gloves.
Yeah, it's, it's, again, talk about the change of entertainment, even in the boxing world.
We interviewed Dana White on our podcast, and he's got them sure you're aware of the slapping thing, right?
Yeah.
Now, is that just, if I slapped you right now, [1:35:00] right, is that different than taking a punch?
Not at all.
No, it's terrible for you.
Yeah, you do.
They're basically agreeing to brain damage.
They're agreeing to let each other get slapped in the head.
Because you have to get slapped.
You have to stand there and get slapped.
And the only thing they could save you is if your slap is so good and you win the coin toss or whatever the fuck they do decide who slaps who first.
Yeah.
You slap that guy unconscious and then it's over.
And that happens.
Guys get slapped uncom...
I mean, you're literally taking a full-on blow to the face.
Your hand can hit pretty hard if you just think...
think of that.
Try doing that with your knuckles.
It's hard to do.
It hurts.
Yeah, yeah.
It doesn't hurt at all when you do that.
You can slam.
So you could really fucking slap someone.
You know, guys have knock guys out slapping them many times.
It's not hard to knock.
You could KO someone.
Boss Routin was one of the, you know, all time greats in MMA and he started his fighting in an organization called Pancrease.
And [1:36:03] Pancrease in Japan, this was the early days, but like as the UFC was just emerging, they started doing fights with no gloves on, but they said instead of punching, you could only slap.
So what boss Routin, he's got very flexible wrists.
So he would pull his hands way back like this and he was basically just punching you with the palm of his hands.
So he wasn't throwing them like you would think like a bitch laugh.
He was throwing punches with his palms.
He was uppercutting guys and not gonna unconscious with his palms.
So that is what you're agreeing to.
When you're standing in front of a guy and you're letting a guy whoop you in the head, you're agreeing to getting, you could easily get KO'd, easily get your job broken, easily get your eye socket shattered.
Are these X, this is boss.
So look how you see how you drop that guy with that palm strike?
With the way he throws it, it's like a punch.
Boss was a fucking animal.
[1:37:02] He was an animal, like terrifying human being.
Great guy, but man in his prime, he was just fucking animal.
He was an animal, like terrifying human being.
Great guy, but man in his prime He was just Destroying people.
He was one of the first high-level strikers that made his way into Mixed martial arts and he eventually became the UFC heavyweight champion.
Well, see what was the Kickboxer from Holland the motherland of kickboxing.
Oh Oh yeah, some of the all-time greats came out Holland.
Yeah, for whatever strange reason, it was like, it was a background of Kyokushin and a lot of them got into kickboxing and Muay Thai and there was a guy named Ramon Decker's.
He was like to this day, one of the most legendary Muay Thai fighters of all times is dude who came out of Holland and went over to Thailand and just fucked everybody up You ever heard of Ramon Decker's show Ramon Decker's highlight reel he was like a mini kickboxing Mike Tyson Yeah, it's it was a monster because a lot of the guys that went over the Thailand they were bigger than the ties [1:38:00] But Ramon Decker's was the same size as the ties But he was just fucking ferocious.
Look at this motherfucker.
Bro, he kicked guys so hard that he shattered his ankle so many times that he had to get it fused.
And his doctor was like, you have to stop fighting or you know, you're going to lose your foot.
And he was like, yeah, yay, yeah, whatever.
Just fucking bolt this thing down so I can get back at it again.
I mean, his highlight reel is just fucking terrifying.
It's just him mauling people.
But these kicks, right?
I mean, doesn't it hurt?
The kicker as much as it does.
No, not as much, but it definitely hurts.
I mean, especially if you hit the in step on like an elbow or something like that.
Yeah, but shins, shins are pretty good at tolerating pain.
My joke, come on.
I mean, I hit my shin on my bed frame, I'm down.
[1:39:01] Yeah.
That's just, well, you get conditioned, you know, you get conditioned to the part where you can...
You can bang your shin against things, those can't even hurt.
Don't these guys train on trees?
Yeah, they train on banana trees.
Fuck, it's a bad man.
In Thailand, they'll do the kick banana trees.
But banana trees are pretty soft.
You can kick a banana tree.
And they give out, they give a little bit when you hit them.
It's not like a regular tree.
I've never seen a banana tree.
I've been around a banana tree in Thailand.
I kicked one just to see what it was like.
Cause I've seen a lot of videos of these guys kicking them.
Yeah, it's not the worst thing to kick.
It gives a little bit, so there it is.
Cause it gives.
See how it gives when he's kicking it?
It's flexible.
Like you could actually train on a banana tree.
It's not a bad thing to train on.
He's good at it right in half.
Yeah, see it moves.
It's really not that much different than a heavy bag.
It just looks crazy because you're like, my god, he's kicking a tree.
Yeah, yeah.
But there's heavy bag.
Like we have a heavy bag out there in.
And that's just to condition your shins.
That one's horrible.
[1:40:06] That one you kick, it's like, oh, what are you normally?
Usually it's cushioning, like there's foam, and then it depends on what the stuffing is.
Sometimes they stuff it with rags and cloth and stuff like that.
And the whole idea is it's really packed down tight and it's heavy, so it's like 130, 150 pounds.
And it's long and you can do leg kicks on it.
But the sand one is just hard as a rock.
It's just thud, thud.
And you do that just to condition your shins.
That's the one you practice on just to condition yourself.
Yeah, I wish I could do some of this stuff with the...
I've always wanted to get into a fighting, just for self-defense.
But I have detached my biceps.
So I have holes in my arm.
I have no biceps.
Well, I have a bicep, but just not the short one is gone.
How did you touch?
[1:41:01] Poke up and no biceps.
What?
Really?
Yeah.
Nothing happened?
There's no trauma that I kid pin point that this happened.
Now I have kids, I was putting them in the car, maybe a kelp from them.
No, it didn't feel nothing.
Really?
Looking in the mirror one day and I know, I brought my wife over and I go, is there a hole in my arm?
It's not.
No, I show you.
Let me see.
Oh wow.
I've seen guys have that before.
My friend Matt Sarah has that.
He is like, his bicep, when he makes a bicep, like half of it is missing.
Okay.
Matt Sarah's a fighter?led up on one side.
Matt Sarah's a fighter?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm a comedian.
Yeah.
And I gotta hold it my arm.
That is hard.
But you have most of your bicep.
Yeah, but that's an underside too.
Same side?
That one, did you go to a doctor?
Yeah, he says, and nothing you could do about But he said it's detached.
What's going on?
[1:42:05] And you don't know why.
No, I'm not.
Both.
So then I'm thinking do I got some weird Mediterranean type disease where like, shit starts detaching?
People from, my dad's got it.
Really?
But he put a luggage and overhead compartment, that's what his snap, his bigger bicep is living in his, his elbow.
Oh, Jesus.
And you still get that fixed Compart and that's what his snap his bigger bicep is living in his is elbow.
Oh Jesus and You should get that fixed if you do it right away right away.
I didn't catch it right away So it seems like with you there was no trauma.
No, it doesn't even make any sense No sense everybody I know that's done that like it's usually boxing or Jiu-Jitsu or lifting weights or something like that It's painful as fuck instantly There's a video of a guy doing curls and as he's doing curls his biceps snaps and curls up You see like it's horrible.
It's horrible.
It's horrible.
And I've heard the same thing But it's painful, but I have no pain no nothing.
Well, it doesn't seem like it affects your range of motion either No, there's no you can do everything.
There's no problem [1:43:02] But now I'm thinking can I even work out the bicep?
Because I'm afraid that one's gonna snap.
No, you should, because if you don't, the bicep is not gonna be strong enough to do the extra work that's required missing that other one.
Yeah, definitely, you're fine, you're fine.
Yeah, you could do everything.
You just gotta get strong.
Just strengthen all the surrounding tissue, you're fine.
What's the ads of a guy who doesn't really do any strenuous, no tennis, no nothing like that?
To lose both of his biceps, right?
By 50.
Right.
And now I got it in my head that everything's gonna fall apart.
Everything's gonna snap.
Yeah, but you haven't lost your biceps.
Your biceps are there.
It's like whatever that other thing is, that attaches, that's not there anymore.
But I don't think you need that.
I think you're fine.
I wouldn't worry about it.
I legitimately, I wouldn't worry about it.
I would just start working out.
I would just like get really into like strengthening everything around it.
That's right.
[1:44:05] Especially since you can't fix it.
Can't fix it.
But Matt does everything.
I mean Matt is a black belt in Jiu-Jitsu and his biceps weigh worse in years.
His is pulled all the way up to the top.
So like at the bottom, like when you make a muscle like this part, he doesn't have this part.
Yeah.
It just flat.
Yeah, it's meant to.
And it's like a little bit up here.
I've seen a bunch of people who have that.
Okay.
That's a common thing.
Yeah.
I'm just shocked that it happened so early in life.
It doesn't make sense that it didn't hurt at all.
That seems weird.
Strange.
But you seem like you have full range of motion.
Yeah, no, no, I'm not.
I'm active.
No way man.
I used to love biceps.
I'm a palliant.
They're still there.
But listen, along in a mirror, with the shirt off.
You don't like it?
No.
You used to love doing biceps like that.
You love to look stereo-self?
Yeah, doing biceps.
That was my favorite exercise.
[1:45:03] It's a thing.
And oh yeah.
I literally never do that.
And never do biceps.
Ever.
Well, the growing up, that's what we always just do.
Like 20s, 30s, 40s.
You're doing it in a bice.
Right.
Curls for the girls.
Curls for the girls, man.
And now I got holes in my arm.
I don't think it'll affect you.
I bet you can still do bicep curls, no problem at all.
I bet your biceps will grow.
I don't think it's a problem.
I don't think it's a problem.
Okay.
I don't know what happened.
I don't understand it.
It seems weird.
And maybe it felt like it happened when you were way younger.
You just didn't notice it.
Maybe you got It's just a dramatic aesthetic, I mean, aesthetically you would have...
So you just noticed it one day?
One day doing my hair.
Weird.
Dropped my arms, looked in the mirror.
Ha ha ha ha.
I thought it was a shadow from the things.
Oh yeah, it must be a shadow, but no, it's a...
There's a hole.
So a hole.
And I didn't catch it in time, and now I'm walking around with no biceps.
That's so strict.
But you do have biceps.
Well, yeah, I miss in one of those things.
[1:46:06] One of the big biceps.
You didn't need it, obviously.
I wasn't using it.
Fell apart.
It's like an appendicitis.
Yeah, it's like this guy isn't even fucking interested in this muscle.
It's just quit audio.
Do you have a trainer?
Yeah.
So how often do you work out?
I do about three or four days with the trainer and I do two days Pilates.
Oh nice.
Which has helped my sciatica.
So I started three months ago.
I have a sciatica two and a half years affecting everything including my comedy because I'm physical.
I like to move but the pain was relentless.
Mm-hmm.
And I'm like I gotta I didn't want to get the surgery.
Was it a dissect to me that they're trying to get you to do?
It was relentless.
Mm.
And I'm like, I gotta, I didn't wanna get the surgery.
Was it a dissact to me?
They were trying to get you to do?
It was spinal.
I don't know what exactly, because I don't listen.
And I don't know anything as far as like the research.
Right.
The guy told me what it was.
I'm like, okay, well, I went here on the other way.
Right.
But But stenosis of the spine that's what is happening and whatnot.
So and some L3 L4 [1:47:07] You know what you need to get that will help you a lot a lot.
There's a thing called the the decks It's it's one of those Teeter products where you you hook your legs this thing and you lean your body forward You know those ones you hang by your ankles those are good those are really good They're great for a lot of reasons but this one is my favorite for low back decompression.
This thing right here.
We have one out there.
I'll show it to you.
It's called the DEX-2.
It's an inversion and core training system.
But the thing that it does the best is when your legs are supported, you know, you can do like back extensions and stuff on it, but I really don't use it for that.
Mostly what I use it for is just decompressing.
So I get on it and all your weight is now on your thighs, and all the weight of your upper body from your hips down is just decompressing.
And you feel it pop, like I'll lie in it and it goes, [1:48:02] pop, pop, pop, pop.
Like I'll feel it decompressed.
It's amazing.
I love it.
And it also, you can do back extensions when you're on that same incline, and it's really good for strengthening those muscles.
And also sometimes that helps me loosen them up even more.
I'll do a set of back extensions on it, and they'll really like deeply relax and let it pop and all right yeah decompression of the back and spine is very important that's why yoga is so good because you're stretching and decompressing things and if you're tight and then everything's tight as you get older like you just keep shrinking you know that's what happens to old people they're fucking the space in between their spine goes away and then they get this hunch and then they're immobile you don't want to be immobile.
No.
No.
And I felt like there was this lagre.
Pilates have definitely changed my life.
Pilates is amazing.
They're very, very good for that.
Yoga, very, very, very good for that.
Anything you're using your whole body like that, you know.
And for a lot of people, there's a lot of contributing factors that lead to sciatica.
There's tightness of the hamstrings.
There's tightness of the upper quads [1:49:07] that also affects your lower back and compresses everything.
When I have back pain, one of the things that I do is I sit on my heels and I lean all the way back.
So with my legs bent and it really stretches out my upper legs, my thighs, my quads.
And when I do that, I feel it in my lower back.
Like I feel my lower back relaxing.
Like I feel stretching out.
And then I'll do a bunch of other different exercises like that, but that's what keeps me from having that pain.
Yeah, the importance of stretching, I found this.
Huge, huge.
It's huge and everybody's lazy.
Nobody wants to stretch.
Even me, even when I get done with the workout, I'm like, I could stretch, I should stretch, but I wanna go eat.
And sometimes I'll just go eat, but most of the time I stretch.
And when I do, I always feel way better.
Like before a big show, I always stretch.
Always.
In the back?
Yeah, I just lay down on the floor and start stretching.
And when I do that, I was like, everything just feels better.
Because the physical tension that you carry in your body, [1:50:06] if you can mitigate some of that, you just feel a little looser.
You get out there, you feel loose.
It's just age really cropped up on me.
It's a mother fucker.
Really cropped up on me.
It's a mother fucker.
So I'm doing all I can to kind of combat that.
How Goldie now?
50.
When you see guys that are 50 that don't take care of themselves, though, you see the difference?
That's scary.
That's scary when a guy's never taking care of himself and then he's 50.
And you're in a state of total, I could pull your arm apart.
I could just grab your arm and pull it away from your shoulder socket.
There's nothing keeping that thing in there.
Like you just, you made out of jello.
Your body doesn't have any need to be strong because it never gets used.
So your body just deteriorates.
And this like sunken lump.
And now you're in pain all the time.
And now you got problems all the time.
Now you don't even fucking energy to do things that you wanna do.
For me the whole thing is mitigating mental illness, [1:51:03] like mitigating anxiety and stress and anger.
Get that out, clean your mind out, and then make sure you have energy.
The only way you can get things done is if you have fucking energy, especially like writing.
Like, if you don't consider writing a physical health thing, but if you're tired, you're not gonna write as good.
You're not gonna have the enthusiasm, you're not gonna have the energy.
It's like for everything you need energy.
And there's only one way to get that.
You have to have a healthy body.
You have to.
It's like a part of the job.
It should be a part of the job.
I tried to have the fact comedians.
I'm like, I know you're great.
But look, we lost Patrice when he was in his 40s.
If Patrice was alive today, he'd have the number one podcast in the world Patrice was alive today.
He'd be selling out arenas.
We've lost him because he just didn't take care of himself That's it.
It's the only reason why no, it's super important not only for the comedy But even looking at my kids now I'm an older father so I want to do those things with my kids whether be skiing right [1:52:00] I had fun.
They went skiing where we went skiing in December and Right, they went skiing where we went skiing in December and my wife loves skiing and of course I'm at the fucking bottom of the hill waiting for the I'm I'm pitch I'm you know what I've become or was becoming say hi to daddy You know like we go to Disney like they're on the rides.
You don't do the rides.
Oh, fuck no, I never though I throw up in my lap of the booties rides.
Really?
Yeah.
All of them?
Yeah.
No space mountain.
So fun.
I got a week's stomach.
claustrophobia, no biceps and...
At fear of rollercoaster.
It needs to be a lot worse.
No, I'm fine, I'm fine.
Yeah, I complained for the sake of comedy.
I know, but I'm blessed.
Yeah.
You're back out here in August, what are you doing in August?
[1:53:02] I'm doing the Moody Center.
Nice.
Moody Center.
Nice.
Moody Center.
That's a great, great venue.
I've never been there.
I heard it's brand new, but it's so good.
Yeah, it's amazing.
It's an amazing venue.
Yeah, it's, this is a great town for comedy right now.
There's a lot of, a lot of didn't get out here to do it, but I definitely wanna do the ship of here great things about it.
Yeah, next time you head down, come by, hang out with us for a couple of days.
We do shows Tuesday, Wednesdays, and Thursdays, or my shows, and this shows seven nights a week.
Great, yeah, I wanna make it more of a meal next time I come out.
Yeah.
This is kind of an in and out thing.
I want to utilize the, I want to see if I get in the tank.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Are you good?
No, maybe maybe.
You want to take an edible first?
I want to really do it.
Yeah.
No.
You know what?
Baby steps.
I want to do an edible, but I want to, like, I know some people come in here and go, hey, you got an edible, like, don't do that.
[1:54:06] I can't do anything unless they do a pest run at home.
Right, right.
So, whatever you got here, what is this, Rogi?
What is this?
These are just nicotine.
Oh, that's nicotine.
What's the good, I'm looking to get into maybe an edible every now and then.
Well, California is the perfect place to do it because you can get those nice 10 milligram edibles.
10 milligram, you eat the whole thing.
Easy.
We try five, just try five, eat half of it.
And what is this, is this the type of thing where you're like, oh, hey, this is great, or is this the work?
Or deep paranoia, depends on how much I don't need to be paranoid Go down dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark I think I think about the solar flare You heard about the solar flares?
There's a solar flare that is supposed to reach us on the 10th and the 11th To some mass coronal ejections that could play havoc with our communication systems or satellites [1:55:02] Could you shut down the power grid if one's big enough?
You haven't heard about this?
Don't come on like I mean communication systems or satellites, could you shut down the power grid if one's big enough?
You ever heard about this?
Don't come on like I mean.
I barely heard about this.
A friend of mine who's actually a legitimate scientist, actually warned me about this.
He said it's really strange that we're not being told about the potential impact of this.
Earth prepares for solar storm impact from three CME cm this weekend.
Solar activity has reached high levels in the past 24 to 36 hours with background flux at or near M10.
I don't know what that means.
The most significant developments from the sun include the growth and merging of regions 3664 and eight, as well as the production of numerous M-class solar flares and two X-class solar flares from what CME is coronal mass ejection that are expected to arrive at Earth this weekend.
Joe, no, keep this up there.
[1:56:01] If this was me and you sent me this article, so read this about solar flares.
You know, would it turn me off right from just visually?
Three, six, six, four, three, I see that in a paragraph, I ain't reading it.
Just the numbers alone, the regions.
Yeah, I'm the opposite.
Whatever you read just now, didn't even register in my head, couldn't even comprehend it.
Did you get any of that?
For me, what I got is a deep respect for these people that are not just watching the sun, but they've made regions of the sun.
So they can refer to these specific regions where this solar activity is taking.
Yeah.
So I was saying, the 10th and the 11th, that's what my friend was telling me.
X2.23b flare.
He was actually concerned that his wife is going to be out of town while this was happening.
He's like, you should have food and you should be prepared.
Yeah, despite this, go back up.
The region continued to produce optical flares, radio bursts, and an isolated emclin.
[1:57:00] That's one of the craziest things about the sun.
The sun is not static.
It's like, it's like, it's all over the place.
It's got these giant ejections that happen that could cook our satellites.
And in the past, before we had the kind of infrastructure that we have today, there was a big mass ejection, I think that they recorded in the 1800s that like took out communications for whatever they had back then.
You know, I like the sun, Joe.
You like a tan?
Beautiful tan.
Are you a beach guy?
Do you like going on beach on vacations?
I love the beach.
Little margarita, sit there.
A little margarita, a little Mexico beach.
Fine.
Sit down and my kids build a little sand castle.
Go in the water.
Mexico makes me nervous.
Do you hear about the surfers that just got killed in Mexico?
Why, why do you gotta ruin a job?
They found them in a well.
Shot in the head in the well.
They stole their car.
Shot them in the head and threw them down a well.
I'm at the beach with a margarita and you're in a well with three [1:58:07] gondons.
Why do you got to root the visual for the joke?
Come on.
I mean I don't know what happened to these guys but shit go.
Yeah, you can go sideways.
When you're in Mexico, no, Mexico surf or death, man charge charge confessed to girlfriend.
Oh wow.
Kill these two dudes over a car.
Their bodies are found dumped in a cliffside well six days after they disappeared each with a gunshot to the It's terrible.
There's shit.
There could yeah, there was a fourth body that had been there longer was Unconnected to the case.
All right.
There goes their spot.
There goes the family trip to Mexico.
That's their spot is unconnected to the case.
All right, there goes the spot.
There goes the family trip to Mexico.
That's their spot.
Most of the time people go to Mexico, it's no worries at all.
Yeah, no, I went down there once and I was worried and I saw Holly Berry there.
I'm like, oh, she's here.
No, I'm not worried.
Yeah.
I feel like she's gonna Holly Berry anywhere.
It's like, it's okay I don't know.
[1:59:07] Mexico worries me though, but it's just like it's controlled by the cartels.
The country's essentially controlled by the illegal drug market.
So you would not go to Mexico.
I've gone to Mexico.
I love Mexico, but it is what it is.
It's a different kind of sketchy.
And they're generally protective of tourists.
Generally, you know, they don't want to come.
They don't want to fuck.
And then the government will come down on them if someone kills tourists.
It could happen on Wilshire Boulevard.
It will happen on Wilshire Boulevard in Los Angeles.
That's why I don't live in Los Angeles.
I know.
Yeah.
Many can happen anywhere really.
Anywhere now.
But Los Angeles is a higher likelihood of shit going sideways.
Yeah.
No, I agree.
What's it like?
What's it like?
You enjoying it?
There's been many of conversations over dinner.
What are we doing here?
Yeah.
I'm sure you went through that prior time.
Well, I know you looked out here for a little bit.
I looked out for a good time to look.
Yeah.
Now That is a lot of great houses that are available.
A lot of money came here, a lot of people came here, [2:00:06] a lot of building got done here.
There's a lot of, I have a great real estate agent if you're still interested.
The growth is exponential.
The quality of life is fantastic.
It's much better.
Okay.
But I got off the airplane.
The heat.
And I was sweating right out of the gate can't take that I don't know I don't like heat I don't like heat you don't like heat.
I don't like humidity So that is a big big factor Of moving anywhere whether it be Florida, Texas Los Angeles gets pretty fucking hot dude It does get hot.
I'm not saying it doesn't.
I'm just saying this is like a different kind of heat for me.
It's a wet heat.
It's uncomfortable.
It's better for your skin though.
But maybe.
And we've often tossed around to his Los Angeles to place for us.
[2:01:00] But with me is I got a family there.
I got my mother there my sister's there.
What about San Diego?
No, no big San Diego really no.
I love it down there.
I love Florida.
Florida's great to talk about there I have family in Naples hot as fuck hot as fuck though.
Yeah hotter than here Yeah, I feel like if you go to one of these places that people are dumb or two their dumb or in Florida Yeah, they Okay, generally.
They're some brilliant people in Florida, they don't get me wrong.
But I would, if you know, if you had to do like a statewide IQ test, it might be disturbing.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
A lot of people escaped to go to Florida.
Florida is a place where people ran from their past.
I just feel like if I go to Florida, I'm running from paying an exorbitant amount of money in taxes.
That's true too.
And quality life might be better.
It would be better.
And that's Texas too.
Texas does enough state taxes either.
California has 14%, which is insane.
[2:02:01] It's insane.
It's so high.
This morning I took a beautiful walk Along your what is this a river you guys?
Yeah running through the city bird lake.
Yeah, lady bird lake right right about the bats Yeah, and at a night and just let people hello.
No, it's night.
It's a it's a nice vibe out there.
I'm not gonna.
I'm not gonna lie but I'm rooted over there.
So I was rooted too.
Yeah, I gotta have, I'm rooted over there.
So I was rooted too.
Yeah, I know.
Yeah, but it's not worth it.
It's not worth it to be rooted in a place that sucks.
I understand.
It's just the conflict of feeling like, why am I still here?
I don't have any of that here.
I had that feeling for a while in LA, even before the pandemic, like do I really need to be But I just didn't know another way to do it.
It was like there's no other way to do everything that I want to do Podcast comedy.
I mean LA.
This is like I guess is where I live from the time you started to think about moving to the time you moved What was what was that year twice?
I've been thinking about it for a long time.
You know, I lived in Colorado for a little bit in 2009 [2:03:03] But I had been thinking about it for a while, but it didn't seem possible.
But then when the pandemic hit, it was like, okay, the whole world is different now.
Now you gotta move.
You gotta get the fuck out of here, because LA was going sideways.
And I am of the opinion that once things start going bad, it takes a long time, especially in a Democrat controlled state.
Takes a long time for things to turn around.
If they turn around at all, and everybody has this idea, oh, this is LA, LA's like that.
I'm like, no, it's not like that anymore.
They're burning cop cars to the military, looting businesses, they're letting people do it.
There's smashing grabs, they're just telling you, you can't shop after 6 p.m.
This is madness.
We gotta get the fuck out of here.
That was my take.
My take was like, this is not the same LA anymore.
You don't stay in your house while it's on fire, just because like, Pove it, but it's my house.
No, it's on fire.
You gotta get out.
So that was my take.
And the family was on board?
Yeah, they loved it.
Well, the kids The kids were young enough, you know, my youngest were 10 and 12 when we came here and we got [2:04:05] them to my real estate agent.
She's brilliant.
She took us to the lake and the girls were on a boat.
We were all hanging out, we were jumping in the water together and swimming and people listening to the fucking Leonard Skinner and people were singing and drinking and it was like, everybody's having fun and there was no masks.
Whereas in LA, everyone was like terrified and locked down and so this was in May of 2020.
We were only, there was only two months in the pandemic and I was already trying to get out.
And then by August, I was already here.
It was like, fuck you guys.
And then by October, Dave and I started doing shows.
We started doing shows at Stubbs.
And then November, we started doing indoor shows here, like Jesus Christ.
It was, and then it was crazy.
And then the influx, everybody started moving here.
Scora moved here, Tony Hinchcliffe moved here, Brian Simpson moved here, Derek Poston, Asana Mott, [2:05:00] they moved here, William Montgomery moved here, Ron White was already here, Duncan Trussle moved here, Tim Dillon moved here, it's just started getting crazy.
Joe DeRosa just got a spot here, Joey's coming next week.
It's been amazing, but it had all those things had to take place in the exact right order.
It's almost like you had to hit every green light on the road.
Just all the things had to happen the right way to be able to happen.
Yeah.
To make what actually took place.
It's kind of crazy.
It is not that this place, I mean, I just looked around the city, I mean, the amount of buildings that are going up is crazy.
The only thing I do see, do you think the infrastructure of the city can withstand the amount of people here, like the roads and the traffic?
They're doing work on that.
They're expanding things.
There's gonna be growing pains for sure.
There's obviously a lot more traffic now than there was 10 years ago, but it had always been growing.
Because I remember, my business honest on it was out here, and so we were coming out here for on it, and every time I'd come out like over the years I'd notice like traffic was picking up more and more before the pandemic you know so [2:06:08] but then during the pandemic obviously there was a massive flux of people like we're getting the flock out of California and that was the the biggest factor.
I'm not arguing with you Joe it's a great move.
I know it just takes you you have to decide because no no place is gonna be like oh my god This is perfect.
Yeah every place is gonna come with a thing But this thing is like also like way cheaper.
It's way cheaper to live here Yeah, you get more for your money if you're trying to buy a house and your state taxes are non-existent Which is just way better?
Because because like if California was perfect and I had to pay a lot of money, but they kept the streets clean and there was no crime and everybody's having a good time and there's great schools and great social programs like this feels good.
I'm like, yeah, I'm spending a lot of money in taxes, but man, I live in a fucking utopia.
[2:07:01] I love it.
It doesn't feel like that at all.
It feels like you're getting fucked by people who tell you they're gonna fuck you and they have to fuck you.
And if you don't want to get fucked, you're a part of the problem.
Yeah.
Like, oh, okay, I gotta get out.
I don't feel like that here though.
I don't feel like that here.
I don't feel like that when I'm in Nashville.
I don't feel like that when I'm in Florida.
I think there's parts of this country that haven't lost their fucking minds.
And people gravitate towards those parts, where people realize, hey, there's some real need for law and order.
There's some real need for rules.
There's some real need for, you know, you kind of have your fucking ducks in a row.
You can't let psychos take over the school systems to teach nonsense.
Like there's a real, there's a good mixture.
And I think Austin's the best mixture because it's a liberal city.
It's a very, very progressive city that's surrounded by ranchers.
It's surrounded by fucking people in the small towns that are all, you know, driving pickup trucks [2:08:02] and shooting signs.
And it keeps everything balanced.
It's a nice nice balance here because even the most liberal people here They're so much more reasonable than liberal people that I would meet in LA Liberal people in LA were cult members and they felt like if you weren't on their team You are some kind of a Nazi and you know, you shouldn't be allowed to vote.
You definitely should lose your job You are some kind of a Nazi and you know, you shouldn't be allowed to vote.
You definitely should lose your job.
It's a tough place to live, Joe.
I'm not gonna argue with you.
When you come back in August, I'll take you around.
And it'll be a good time to know if you hate it because it'll be hot as fuck.
Oh yeah, no, it's kinda gonna burn my skin on.
August is gonna be sweaty and hot, but it's beautiful.
And the food.
Ooh, there's so much good food here, Sebastian.
There's so much good food.
So much good food.
Now I come back where we'll do a proper Austin run.
All right, do it for a few days.
Do you got anything to tell people about?
Got a major tour, July 11th called the In-Ait-Rite tour.
[2:09:02] In-Ait-Rite?
A lot of stuff in Los Angeles.
Right.
So that starts to my level in the North fork for ginia and currently shooting bookie.
Oh yeah you're on a show with a Chuck Laurie show.
Chuck Laurie show on Max which were in our second season we're shooting that and who's in that with you?
Omar Dorse's in it Andrea Anders Vanessa for lead I've heard good things about it.
I heard it's great show really fun show.
I want to watch it Yeah, it's so it's on max.
It's on max.
We have eight episodes on there right now and nice we're filming Well, that got Chuck Laurie that fucking guy's done it all.
Hits, bro.
Hits, gay butt.
Nothing but Hits.
My family's addicted to the Big Bang Theory right now.
So my youngest, my wife and I watched the Big Bang Theory.
I've watched like a hundred episodes over the last four months.
Yeah, it's crazy.
It's crazy.
Fucking great.
I underestimated that show tremendously, because I had seen clips online, I'm like, this show sucks.
And then you watch it, this is a funny show.
It's a really well made show.
Really great writer.
And you know, I don't, this is my first [2:10:11] TV series.
So to have this guy.
Really?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I did a pilot years ago with Tony Danza playing my dad and I've never got off the ground.
How is it like being Tony Danza?
Oh great.
It's a group of Tony dads a taxi and I was the boss and I If you played my dad and he was really really good, but that was a network show and never picked it up And I'm making for camera like multi-camera sitcoms anymore.
Yeah, that works.
I don't know about networks but miss Pat miss Pat Yeah, she's got a multi-cam.
Okay, but I mean you any network tell like what is on like network tv unlike thursday night now what's that is it all like the bachelor show yeah i think that kind of shit reality may be dating shows game shows reality shows yeah [2:11:01] uh...
but yeah not used to be all sitcoms used to be all sitcoms you know you were part of that world.
Well, that's why watching the Big Bang Theory make me say, like, I enjoy sitcoms.
It's a great way to consume entertainment.
You don't see them anymore.
Yeah.
Look at this again, man.
The next on the show is my wife.
Karen.
So it was like a talk to camera.
Oh, so I would do will talk to camera and I'll add pop back into the scene So the talk to camera from me would kind of was like oh, I could show my comedy a little bit here And then I go back into the scene, but yeah, man I want to see it comes are gonna come back I hope they do if networks are smart that put together some multi-cam sitcoms because there's it's a fun art form.
It's still a fun way to consume humor.
Yeah, it is.
And it'll come back.
Okay, back.
Maybe, I don't know.
I don't know either.
We'll see.
We'll see you in the evening.
Maybe.
And also I have a podcast, Pete and Sebastian show, which we're now, to say how to Pete for me.
I haven't talked to Pete forever.
Pete's a good dude.
I can't believe that you said before I saw you here today that I haven't seen you in four years.
[2:12:07] Five.
Is it really five?
2019 I believe was the last time I was on your show.
But I've seen you since then.
I don't think you've seen you at the store.
I don't think it's 2019 I think.
But before the pandemic I think I saw you.
Yeah that was 2019.
Yeah five years ago.
Yeah almost.
It marked I'd definitely haven't seen you out here as my first time.
Right out here.
But I want to tell you congratulations on all your success.
Thank you.
Even walking through this place before I came in to know like you know I saw you at the commie store hanging out in the parking lot and now you a, now you're floating in a tank in your own warehouse, tumble-oom.
Like, congratulations to you too, because I remember when you first started, I really do.
I remember your first struggles at the store.
Oh, yeah.
And I remember I saw you, I was in Vegas, I was working in Vegas, and I was in my hotel room by myself, flippin it to the channels, and I saw your special.
And I think it was a showtime special.
[2:13:05] And I remember tweeting it, like, it was fucking great.
No, it was great.
You actually reached out to me and said, hey man, this is really good stuff.
It's funny, Eleanor Carrigan, I was on a podcast and something sent it to me and she's like, oh my God, it's a special.
It was awful.
Just like that.
Awful when he first started.
Everybody at the comedy store knew it.
They're like, how did this guy get past?
And I'm sitting there listening to this going, fuck, I didn't even, like, I didn't think I was bad.
You know, like, it's funny, like what you think you are and what people are saying.
I didn't know any of that.
I thought, oh, no.
Well, the problem was you started out as an open micer at the comedy store in Los Angeles Which is crazy.
Yeah, that's like learning how to play football with the Giants Yeah, like it's nuts like that just the idea behind it's nuts like it's a very very difficult way to break in the comedy And so everybody's terrible in the beginning if they've seen me six months in there.
Oh my god [2:14:05] He fucking sucks like how did he get past seen me six months in there.
Oh my god.
He fucking sucks Like how did he get past I know but to hear it.
Oh, yeah, it was like oh No, I did and not to even know you suck Like I knew I was like learning but I was like I didn't know people were like this guy should be pumping gas So you know, you know what I don't know if you've ever had this on your podcast of what, what do you guys, North of like, 2500 episodes here?
Something like that.
I drank way too much water, right?
Before the podcast?
During.
Oh, so you got a pee right now, real bad.
It's unbelievable.
Yeah, I see your face.
We can wrap this up.
The tour, all that.
Where can the people find the information?
SebastianLive.com.
Get your tickets to the floor.
Get your tickets.
It's gonna be, and I can't give anything away, but I'm into a lot.
[2:15:02] I like production at my shows.
Not only the comedy comedy but the experience.
So we got some surprises under.
Nice.
And coming to Austin, Texas.
When is that August 9th?
August 9th.
If I'm here, I'm there.
All right.
I would love to see it.
Great to see you again.
And congratulations to all your success too.
It's been beautiful to watch.
Thank you.
Very, very, very very very happy for you.
I appreciate it.
You have a me on your show.
My pleasure brother.
Anytime.
Next time it's not wait for years.
No.
Come back.
Come back in August.
We'll do it again.
Alright.
Appreciate you brother.
Bye everybody.
================================================================================
Episode Title: #2148 - Gad Saad
Transcript:
How you doing?
What's going on, man?
Good to see you.
10th episode.
Crazy!
Unbelievable.
What are the odds?
Short of your regular crew.
Am I in the hall of fame?
Yeah, you're in the same, there's very few people that have had 10 episodes.
It's a small handful for sure.
I mean, I should put that as the top thing on my CV.
Oh, the other stuff is bullshit.
With 10 time on Joe Rogan, drop the mic.
This is how out of the corporate world I am.
I don't even know what a CV is.
I don't know what it stands for.
I know people say it, I know what it means, but I don't know what it stands for.
Well, let me tell you what an academic CV looks like.
What is the Stanford?
A curriculum Vita.
Ah, okay.
You basically in academia, you'll start with your education, all your degrees, all of your positions that you've held.
I was assistant professor here from here then, then all of your journal publications, all of your books, all of your conference art, you know, on and so on.
Right.
So it can end up being a pretty beefy CV.
I think mine is about 47 pages long.
Oh my goodness.
Look at you, you accomplished the actual thing.
Speaking of words.
And manage to stay logical.
How did you do that?
Oh, you're a new book.
Dropping on May 14th on Happiness.
You know, sad truth, to A's about happiness.
Eight secrets for leading a good life.
Enjoy it.
How have I been so productive?
How have you managed to, I mean, people have got to know it to you, but you've somehow another avoided like a full scale cancellation.
Well, with your positions, it's kind of amazing.
It truly is.
It'm kind of like the velcro, the Teflon Don.
The velcro is the opposite.
Right, right.
Nothing sticks.
They've tried to cancel me in all sorts of ways, but that speaks, by the way, to one of the powerful reasons [2:02] why tenure, despite the fact that a lot of people despised the concept of tenure, oh, it's just a bunch of lazy academics who are going to be deadwood for the next 30 years.
But if I didn't have the protection of tenure, I'd be gone long ago.
Now, that doesn't mean that I still haven't suffered many consequences, right?
So I haven't gotten other jobs that I would have otherwise gotten because of how irreverent I am.
You know, the death threats, so for example, now after October 7th, it's almost became impossible for me to go on campus.
Because first of all, you know, I'm high profile.
My university has a particular demographic reality.
And so there are consequences to speaking out.
So you can't go on campus literally?
I mean, I have gone, but during the points when there were a lot of protests outside, you know, the campus and so on, or on campus, because our campus is an urban campus.
So it's hard to say where the school begins and where the city is.
[3:02] Right.
You know, you have death to Jews and the free, free Palestine and the Defada and from the river to the sea and there's 800 of them screaming and you're going to come in, many of them know who you are.
They know that I'm not very supportive of their positions and so it's going to be a bit challenging.
So on a few cases, I did it via Zoom.
Other times, I had to have security with me.
So I would have to check into security and they'd have to walk with me to class and so on.
That's not a good thing.
I'll tell you another quick story if I may.
Please about what happened after October 7th.
So I'll first talk about what happened in Lebanon.
So the day that we escaped from Lebanon, for those of your viewers who don't know about us, we were Lebanese Jews.
We were there until the start of the Civil War.
We were there in the first year of the Civil War.
And then we had to leave because if we became impossible to be Jewish in Lebanon, when we left that day, it was from Beirut to Copenhagen, Copenhagen to Montreal.
As we cleared the airspace of Lebanon, [4:08] the captain, I discussed this in chapter one of my previous book, The Percetic Mind.
He said, okay, we're now out of Lebanese airspace.
And so my wife, my mother, pulls out a pendulant with the star of David, puts it around me, my neck, and says, now you can wear this be proud and not hide your identity.
Now that's in the past, but now I'm going to link it to the current reality.
About three weeks after October 7th, my wife and son came to pick me up from a cafe where I was working on my laptop.
My wife had picked up my son who was playing a soccer match in the east and the city.
And so as I got into the car, he says, Daddy, if you had come to where I was playing soccer today and you were wearing a star of David, you'd be dead.
So 1975, a star of David has put around me and now I can wear it proudly.
45 years later, I better [5:02] not wear a star of David in Montreal, Canada.
That doesn't both too well, J.
At a kid soccer game.
Because the demographic reality in that neighborhood is such that a star of David would be viewed as provocative incitement.
What's crazy to me is regardless of how you feel about how the Israeli military and the army is pursuing the war in Gaza, regardless of that.
The blatant, just out in the open anti-Semitism that we see today is like nothing I've ever seen before.
Like, like, roaches coming out of the woodwork.
Like what?
Like, you see it all over social media and it's like this, if this was September and not October, like if this is just, you would be, you would be shunned.
Everybody would be like, this is horrible.
How the fuck could you say this?
How are you, you're openly anti-Semitic.
You're openly blaming the Jews for all the world's problem.
[6:02] This is crazy.
This is Nazi shit.
And yet you're seeing it everywhere now.
When those teachers were in front of Congress, when those principles of those universities were in front of Congress, and they were saying that it's not harassment to say death to the Jews, unless it's actionable.
Which is the craziest mental verbal gymnastics I have ever heard anyone say that's in that position and a position of being the head of Harvard, it was so crazy to watch.
It's so crazy, it's almost like we live in an alternative timeline.
Like we entered into a new dimension.
Like in our sleep, we woke up, we were in a new place.
You know, nothing should surprise me given the history that I have growing up in the Middle East.
But I was taken aback after October 7th at the Jew hatred that I was exposed to.
Now my positions are really not inflammatory.
So for example, I'll say things like, you know, I'm worried about my, I have a lot of extended family in Israel, [7:06] right?
So after the October 7th happened, for me to just kind of call around to make sure that none of my cousins and their children and some so no one was harmed will take a while.
Well, that itself, the fact that I cared about my family was incitement, was I'm a Zionist, I'm a baby hiller, right?
I am personally responsible for the IDF killing any innocent children.
But it's not just that, it's coming at you from all directions.
So in the past you could say, okay, Islamic sources are going to send you Jew hatred, and I'm used to that.
You could say the neo-Nazi alt-right types, Jews will not replace us.
They're coming after me.
You've got, of course, the academic progressive left types who are also anti-Zionist, which is just code-sweet word for anti-Jewish.
And so everywhere you turn, there is Jew hatred, and it's so normalized.
Now, of course, in part, it is emboldened by the fact that a lot of them are anonymous.
They don't put their real names so that they can take the liberty to be this orgeastically [8:09] you know, Jew-hater.
But it's just, it's so disenchanting to see that that guy could be my gardener, he could be my surgeon, he could be my dentist.
I don't know who he is, but there are millions of those folks who hold those beliefs.
It's unbelievable.
I think a lot of them are fake as well.
I think a lot of them are Russian and Chinese trolls.
I think there's a disturbing amount of them that's responsible for taking this kind of discourse and pushing it to a much higher level and making it more ubiquitous.
I really, really believe that and there's a lot of data to support that.
And I think that's part of what's going on with social media.
It's definitely a big part of what's going on with Twitter and TikTok.
And a lot of these things where you see these very inflammatory messages that seem to be pushed, they're pushed through and promoted.
[9:02] And like to the fact that you get them all the time.
They show up in your feed all the time.
Even if you're not subscribed to these, even if you're not following these people, you'll find this disturbing content will show up in your feed.
And I really firmly believe that we're being manipulated.
I really do.
And I think there's a lot of these young kids that are on these campuses that are very malleable.
They're very easily influenced.
And they don't need, they don't, I mean, so many, I'm sure you've seen Constantine Kisson from Trigger Namathur.
He's done these interviews with these people, these protests, and so many of them are completely ignorant.
They have no idea with it.
They're just doing it because they think they're a good person.
They're putting up their flag of virtue by saying free palestine from river to the sea and they don't even know what that means Yeah, like what do you say you know what you're saying?
You're saying wipe out Israel.
Is that what you're saying?
Not only that and a lot of cases their supporting regimes or ideologies That would be perfectly antithetical to their main identity.
So we're here's for Palestine [10:01] Chickens for Kentucky fight chicken or I like to use geese for forgra because I'm from Montreal.
I mean, imagine if you present yourself to the world with your queer identity, which is great, good for you.
And now you decide, okay, let me see, should I be supporting Tel Aviv, which is one of the most queer friendly places?
I mean, short of Montreal, New York, San Francisco, Tel Aviv is right up there.
So you would think that if my key identity, my definitional identity is my queerness, that I'm certainly putting all my chips with Tel Aviv, no, it's with queers for Palestine.
So that's exactly what parasitic thinking is.
Yeah.
And I really do think that's supported by other countries.
I think they realize how vulnerable and idiotic a lot of Americans are and they're just pushing that.
And whether you realize it or not, social media, even if they're saying something ridiculous, it's very influential.
And they can just move the boundaries a little bit by having the most extreme content, the most ridiculous [11:06] things, be so common than less extreme content that would ordinarily be considered ridiculous, now becomes accepted as normalized.
Yeah, yeah.
Which is what you're seeing.
Yeah, exactly.
Can I point, I mean, you alluded to it earlier about, you know, what the IDF might be doing.
Can I just mention a few things about that?
Sure.
And I'm hardly the spokesperson of the IDF, but it's an idea that I've been toying with, and I'll pitch it here for the first time.
So you know this notion of equality of opportunities with this is equality of outcomes.
Typically, we link it to all of the works stuff.
So equality of opportunities is great.
Equality of outcomes is a cancer to human dignity.
Okay.
Let's now apply that concept, equality of outcomes, to war casualties.
So, I think this is what happens when people say, oh, but the IDF is being grotesque because the currency that then matters becomes how many dead on each side, equality of outcome.
[12:04] But let me change it to a different moral currency.
Let's talk about intent.
So for example, in the justice system, you could have a person who is found guilty of involuntarily vehicle or homicide and he kills four people.
So four are dead.
So that's equality of outcome, four were died.
Versus someone who took out a hit on his entire family, his brother, sister and parents, so that he can gain when the insurance money.
But it's an undercover operation.
The cops catch you.
Even though on that case, there were zero killed.
Correct?
That person will get a higher sentence because we understand in the law that intent matters.
So now I think you know I'm going with the analogy.
So in the Palestinian IDF conflict, when say Hamas launches 6,000 rockets, every single one of which is intercepted by the Iron Dome, [13:01] had they not had the Iron Dome, then the outcome could have been that 50,000 would have been killed, right?
And an ideal world from Hamas's perspective, our intent would be to eradicate every last Jew they have it in their charter.
So yes, it is true that if we just count the number of people who were killed on October 7th versus the number who were killed in the retaliation, if that's the only calculus that matters, then oh yes, the IDF has gone way overboard.
But once you change it to an existential intent issue, then maybe it's not such a bad of an outcome as you think.
Notwithstanding that a single innocent dead is a tragedy.
That's, you could say it that way, but the problem with that is the iron dome does exist and Hamas's military capabilities are far below Israel's it would be like if Some small person tried to punch me and I moved out of the way and then beat them to death [14:01] And I said no, I had to defend myself.
I beat them to death and then beat them to death.
And I said, no, I had to defend myself.
I beat them to death.
But I didn't have to beat them to death.
They're just small person.
Even if they hit me, it wouldn't really hurt me.
You know what I'm saying?
Like defensively, I'm not worried about a real small person.
It doesn't know how to fight.
Who throws a punch at me.
So what would be in your moral calculus, the ideal outcome that should have happened as a retaliation to October 7th.
That's a very good question.
Obviously, I'm not a military analyst.
If I was, you know, you do have to take in consideration the tunnels.
You do have to take into consideration the infrastructure.
The question is, did they just knowingly bomb places where there was going to be hundreds and hundreds of innocent civilians knowing that there's going to be a few homos?
And that's what scares people.
What scares people is that someone is willing to kill women and children just to get at bad guys and they just say that's just part of the game.
That seems horrific in the 2024 understanding of human life in morality and just the horrors of war [15:08] that you know they're blowing up mosques they're blowing up schools are blowing up apartment buildings everything anything where they think a masses so again let me preface and i shouldn't have to say this that a single person care that's innocent is a tragedy of course but compare that reality to almost any other war that you have in working memory.
Why is there a unique, unbelievably high threshold of morality that is placed on the Israeli nation?
Now, you probably already know this.
The IDF does go through a lot of painstaking effort to try to minimize that.
They drop leaflets in Arabic.
They even sometimes call people in Arabic and say, don't go in this area.
So, of course, they've killed many, many innocent people.
But they're placed between Iraq and a heart place.
What can you do?
[16:00] The other side knows exactly that if they do exactly what they're doing, either you don't retaliate and we win, or you retaliate very harshly as they have, and then you still win, right?
Today, the propaganda war has been completely won by Hamas, right?
There's a complete genocide in the informational war against the IDF, right?
One other point, and then I'll see the floor back to you.
This the term genocide Jacques Derrida was a very famous postmodernist who developed the field of deconstruction as a language creates reality, right?
He was one of the guys who allowed the the ecosystem of up as down men could be women left as right, slavery is freedom, right?
It's that postmodernist game that allows these kind of insane ideas to flourish.
Well, when you misuse words, like everything is a genocide, that's, that does, that does no one a service.
There is no genocide.
There is a killing of a lot of people.
Again, every single one killed is a tragedy, but if Israel wanted to commit a genocide, [17:06] by the end of my appearing on this 10th time on this show, there wouldn't be a single Palestinian left.
So if they were genocidal in their intent, then they really are shitty genocidal maniacs, because first of all, the population, as you know, of the post-Staninternals has gone up five folds, right?
So that's really sucky genocide.
And they've killed, depending on the count.
Right, but that's all previous to this military action that's going on now.
What are the numbers that you know of right now?
It's hard to say.
You know, I mean, Israel has one one statistic and then there's other statistics by human rights Organizations that it estimate at least 12,000 missing in the rubble that are probably dead and 30,000 dead now at the the number of those 30,000 what percentage is Hamas?
I'm not sure So I've heard the the most favorable estimates to to the IDF are about one to one ratio the The less estimate, it's about one to one point five.
[18:08] Okay.
One to up to one to two.
So if they kill 30,000 people, 15,000 or Hamas.
So are you saying?
That would be best.
No, if one to one would be 15,000 to 15,000, and then you can take it from there, right?
Okay.
So a one to one.
One to one one to one half of them.
So half of them.
Yeah.
So half of 30s 15 exactly.
Okay.
Right.
So now Let's compare it to and I don't know if others have made this analogy when when you drop the bomb the atomic bomb Almost all the people who were killed were non-combatants, right?
So then that ratio would be 250,000 killed to zero.
I mean, unless there's a few Japanese military guys that were in Nagasaki or Hiroshima, you dropped.
And again, I'm not trying to say, oh, but they're not as bad as these other guys.
So they're okay.
Let's give them a ribbon and a medal.
But again, it is anti-Semitic when you place one group of people to a standard of morality [19:02] that is not expected of anybody else.
So for example, if you really care about Arab lives, then you certainly should care about all of the Yemenis that have been killed that are a lot more than whatever has happened in after October 7th.
You would care about the 500,000 Syrians that were killed.
You would care about the war between Iran and Iraq that led to several million killed and on how about a Lebanese civil war a 150,000 died in a very bright, but that's not happening currently so people aren't totally aware of that Like just those statistics that you brought up the Lebanese deaths Just most people are not aware of that most people that are discussing especially college kids are not aware of that That's why I'm here.
Yeah, I mean, it's all ugly.
It's all awful.
There's nothing that you could say that is in any way shape or form positive about any of this.
The question is, is there another way to do it other than just bombing these areas where you know Hamas is and civilians?
[20:01] There is another way, but I don't think it'll happen.
Can I share it?
Yeah.
So Golda Maier, who was the fourth or fifth Prime Minister of Israel from I think 1969 to 1974, has two quotes, which I'm going to paraphrase.
I don't have the exact quote.
She said, if the Jews put down their arms, they'll be a genocide.
If the Palestinians put down their arms, they'll be peace.
So just remember that for a second.
Second one is if the Arabs, she means, in this case, the Palestinian Arabs, if they were to love their children more than they hate ours, then they'd be peace.
So why am I saying these two quotes?
Because this battle is really not about land.
In a sense, we've already addressed this on previous shows where I've come and discussed about some of these Islamic issues.
It is an existential affront that the Jewish states state exists in the Middle East.
So look at all other religious minorities across Arabia.
[21:02] Egypt used to be completely copped at Christian, 100% many hundred years ago.
Today they are 10% cops left.
What happened to those cops?
There used to be tons of Christians in Syria.
What happened to those Syrians?
There used to be tons of Christians in Lebanon.
There still are some about 30, 35% but it's Lebanon used to be a majority Christian country.
So the goal of Islam, not individual Muslims, right?
Again, I don't need to preface by saying there are millions and millions of lovely, kind, peaceful Muslims.
Of course there is.
But Islam as an ideology, does it tolerate others?
Well, we have 1400 years of history that either says it does or it doesn't, right?
We don't have to watch TikTok videos.
and nothing could be clearer than what the words of Muhammad were, the prophet of Islam, who said that you need to rid Arabia of Christians, but certainly the Jews.
So the existence of the land of Israel is in a front to that.
One more point I'll see to correct you.
In Islam there's a concept called Darul Islam and Darul Harab.
That means the [22:06] House of Islam and the House of War.
Anything that's under the Islamic control is good.
Anything that's yet to be under Islamic control is under the House of War.
Once a territory is under Islamic control and you lose it, you have to get it back.
It is your dominion forever.
This is why, for example, under the Lusia, which was at one point controlled, which is in current Spain, which was controlled by the Moors in Islamic conquistador.
A lot of jihadists will say, in inshallah we have to reconquer under the Lusia, it is our land, because once it's under so Israel existentially cannot exist.
So why am I saying all this?
You can't have peace if you have the other side that truly never wants for you to exist.
That's the bottom line.
If you can change people's heart where they say, look I get a piece [23:03] of land, you get another piece, let's build an incredible vibrant co-society together, you'd have peace.
But if you're taught from straight out of the womb that the Jews is the reason for every calamity in the world, you're not going to have peace.
But don't you think that there are Jews and there are Israelis that treat Palestinians as if they're less.
There is that in Texas in terms of treating people who are Hispanic.
The darkness of the human heart is not monopolized by one group.
They are super nasty Jews and they are incredibly lovely and kind Jews.
They are super nice Muslims and incredibly brutal Muslims.
So there is no monopoly on the darkness of the human heart.
So I can see that.
Of course, there are Jews that are not very keen on having Palestinian neighbors.
But as someone who grew up in the two worlds, right, I'm an Arabic-speaking Jew.
I hang around with tons of Muslims.
I hang around with tons of Jews.
Have I ever heard somebody in my Jewish family say, oh God, [24:03] I can't wait for us to eradicate the 1.52 billion Muslims in the world.
I've never heard that.
Have I heard incessantly all the time about, in Shall'a, we'll get rid of the Jews every second.
You just have to say, hi Ahmed, the next line is God damn it, we've got to get rid of the Jews.
Now it's become a lot.
Isn't it that common where you are?
It's as common as the heat in Texas.
It is definitional.
As a matter of fact, I introduced the game, I mean facetiously, but I mean it's seriously six degrees of Jew.
So that's a play on six degrees of...
Kevin Bacon?
Exactly.
So I give you a calamity in the world and you've got up to six causal steps to blame the Jew.
So the Amazonian frog just died in the Amazon go.
And so I will post these on Twitter and people give answers.
Now oftentimes they're just playing along but that's the mindset.
You got diabetes.
Well that's because the Jews who are controlling the pharmaceutical industry are not releasing the drug.
I'll give you a recent one that I failed.
[25:05] So I put up a police line-up of some guys that had been caught in Huddersfield, which is a town in England, who had been grooming and raping young British white girls.
And you may or may not know this.
I'm not sure if we've discussed it in Britain.
Over the past 25 years, there's been an unbelievable industrial scale level grooming and raping of young white girls by Asian men.
That's a euphemism for men of a certain religious heritage, but you say it's their Asian.
So their names are, let me summarize them for you.
Muhammad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Ahmad, Did anybody help me?
Do you know how many people wrote to me and blamed it on the Jews?
Not facetiously.
So now I'm gonna ask you Joe.
How?
[26:09] I was just gonna ask you that.
How is it when three Mohamed's rape your 12-year-old British girl You blame it on Mordechai?
Three Mohamed's lead to Mordechai.
Tell me how you tell me.
I don't know.
How did they do it?
Who let them in?
It's the Jewish Kabbal who controls immigration policy.
It's George Soros, the Jew who controls the open society ideology.
I don't think you can really just connect George Soros to Jewish.
If you look at his policy, he seems anti-Western civilization.
I agree.
But for the Jew for the Jew-hater, any, any causal explanation.
So, one individual who just happens to be Jewish.
Or they point to some other one.
There's one, I don't even know who she is.
I think Barbara Learner or something.
Somebody will correct us in the comments section where they show her saying something, oh, you know, we need to flood and she happens to be Jewish.
But for every Jewish person who is pro-openedore policy, [27:06] there's a counter-Jewish person.
Here's one who is not for open-border policies, right?
Stephen Miller, who worked in the Trump administration, is Jewish.
He's probably the biggest anti-openedore immigration.
So, but that's the mindset of the Jew-hater.
Everything is blamed.
There's this incredible diabolical feature of the Jew that they're able to at times pretend that they're victims, but really they're diabolical and genocidal.
It's grotesque, man.
It's weird.
It's just weird that it became so out in the open.
And that's what makes me think that they've been influenced.
I just can't imagine there was that much anti-semitism before October 7th.
But why?
The influence is coming for what purpose, just to see the create havoc?
Yes.
Yeah, to keep people at each other's throats, I really think so.
And also to completely screw up democracy, you know, like people have lost all their faith in voting, they've lost all their faith in the money behind politics and the influence behind politics.
[28:06] And the more this stuff just gets brought up, the more chaos there is, the more hatred there is, the more divide there is.
Even amongst the Democratic Party, right, which we talked about the other day, like some large number, we think it's around 70% of Jewish people vote Democrat.
But now, the Democratic Party is full on with this Palestine thing.
And you see it on college campuses, this rampant anti-Semitism, death to the Jews being tolerated, literally saying that, yelling it out.
And by the way, you can go back, so I wouldn't be able to tell you which number, which episode, but you can go back to earlier episodes that have appeared on this glorious podcast, where you will see that I would have predicted exactly what we're seeing now.
And it's not because I'm a prophet or it's not because I'm so intelligent.
It's because you simply have to have the power of having the imagination to extrapolate from a current trend to some future and outcome, right?
So if you let in into your country, people who have [29:09] genocidal Jew hatred as an endemic feature of their society.
So I'll give you since people love stats.
So there was a pew, pew is a nonpartisan, if anything they probably lean towards being more woke.
So pew has these global surveys that they conduct.
So in 2010, they conducted a survey looking at how favorable are you towards the Jews across a whole bunch of Islamic countries.
Now, if you were to, if I were to tell you that 10% of the Polt people exhibited, you know, Jew hatred, you'd say, oh boy, that's a big number.
10% is a lot.
Okay.
How about if I tell you that for most of those You'd say, oh boy, that's a big number.
10% is a lot.
Okay.
How about if I tell you that for most of those pulled countries, it was between 95 to 99%.
So let me, I know people understand what 95 to 99 means.
If I pull 100 people, 95 to 99 will express very problematic Jew hatred.
Okay.
[30:02] So now, if I let in 100,000 such people into the country, it doesn't take a fancy evolutionary psychologist and a professor with a 47 page academic CV to say, well, probably Jew hatred's gonna go up.
So that's what we're seeing now.
We're seeing the outcome of having an immigration policy that has let in people that don't share our foundational values.
Again, this doesn't mean someone's going to write in the comments section, what a hypocrite.
You're an immigrant Gatsad.
Well, there are immigrants and there are immigrants.
There are tons of Muslims who want to come in here and leave all that baggage at the door.
They want nothing to do with that.
They just want to live the American experience.
The problem is we don't have the machine that can look into your heart and mind, right?
So it's a statistical game.
So if you're going to let in hundreds, I mean, look what's happening in Germany, look what's happening in France, look what's happening in Denmark.
What let me ask you is, why do you think that stuff is happening?
Why do you think this is mass immigration?
So that's a great question.
So it's covered partly in parasitic mind, my earlier book, and in my next book, which I call suicidal empathy.
[31:07] So empathy is an emotion that has evolved for very clear evolutionary reasons.
So just like any of our other emotions, for example, envy, there are evolutionary reasons why we've evolved the emotion of envy.
It can compel us forward.
I see that Joe's doing well, keeping up with the Joneses.
Maybe it's get me off my fat ass so I can work harder.
So there are very clear evolutionary reasons why empathy exists.
But the problem is when empathy misfires, it either becomes hyperactive or it misfires in directing the empathy to the wrong person.
So for example, illegal immigrants, more important than American vets, right?
And I can show you many public policies where you have these insane policies, all of which are due to suicidal empathy.
So to answer your question, I think that the Western mind is, we are kind, tolerant, compassionate, empathetic people.
[32:04] There are people out there, they're Guatemalan, they're Honduran, they're Yemeni, who don't have it as well as we do.
Wouldn't it be nice if we open up our doors?
So the reflex is a noble one.
It's a nice one, but it exists in Unicornia.
The real world doesn't operate that way.
If you let in people that have a huge hatred of homosexuality, are you going to have an increase in homophobia in your country or a decrease, right?
So I think that's the answer.
The answer is misdirected empathy across the West.
Is it really that simple?
Because it seems like it's happened so rapidly, that it seems like a plan, like a plan to create more chaos.
So it's happened, the border policy in America is puzzling.
It's very, it's baffling because it seems like there's a plan that flood the country.
So it's sort of a conspiratorial kind of cabal.
[33:03] It seems like there's something going on that's allowing it to happen even though everyone recognizes it's a problem and it's solvable, but they don't solve it.
In fact, the United States government is actively tried to stop Texas from enforcing their border.
But I think that's just, so I've often tweeted that the most dangerous weapon in human context is a parasitized mind, right?
I mean, a bomb is dangerous, but it is the human mind that activates that bomb, right?
It's a guy with a little mustache that said that Jews are the real problem in the world and I need to get rid of the world of that parasite, right?
So parasitic thinking, I mean, one of the reasons I think that that book did so well is because it really explained how all of these parasitic ideas came to a head together.
And they were all spawned on university campuses over the past 40 to 80 years.
[34:00] So one hypothesis is what you said, which is there is kind of a grand scheme that's willfully doing this.
Another one is that all of the Western leaders of roughly the same age, I mean within 20 years of each other, are all a product of a Western education, university education, that was completely infected with these dreadful parasitic ideas so that when these leaders go out there and have the power to enact policies, they enact these policies.
So my view is slightly different from yours in that I don't think that there is a super mega, you know, willful plan.
It's just that all of those Western leaders are the product of a really shitty university system.
are the product of a really shitty university system.
Hmm.
Right, but there's obviously two schools of thought, right?
There's the left wing school of thought, the right wing school of thought in regards to this.
The right wing school of thought wants to seal our borders, wants to secure the borders, wants to stop illegal immigration.
The left wing wants, I mean, I don't know what they want [35:03] because they start talking about border policies being a problem as well want because they start talking about border policy, it's being a problem as well.
And they start talking about the issue with the border and they try to blame Trump for the issues with the border, which is always hilarious.
But they're just so, with that kind of stuff, when Biden blames Trump for things that he clearly did, it's just gaslighting, right?
And it just shows you how little respect they have for people's ability to understand what's actually going on.
Well, look suicidal empathy.
I mean, we can move beyond the border.
How about say in the justice system?
Suicidal empathy results in you carrying more about the perpetrator than the victim.
That's suicidal empathy, right?
Because that argument, so here's how that left this argument works.
If a person, especially a criminal of color, commits a crime, that's probably because he grew up as a person of color, so he's already been marginalized by the society.
So now he commits a crime.
You're now double whamming him by putting him in the penal system.
[36:00] So you need to be more caring.
So he's already got 57 previous arrests.
Let's give him a 58th chance So again, I don't think it comes from it comes from really Parasitized thinking right right but that those policies are supported by George Soros Specifically and they mean he actively goes after DA's that have the most lenient and ridiculous policies in regards to No cash bails releasing violent criminals like that seems like that's done on purpose the A's that have the most lenient and ridiculous policies in regards to no cash bail releasing violent criminals like that seems like that's done on purpose that's done within 10 but it's done on purpose so I think where where we made the first you think it's because there is a duplicitous evil let's cause havoc whereas I think they actually believe that that's the noble position right and there should be no borders.
There is no illegal human.
What kind of bullshit is this?
I mean, why do you have a lock on your door, right?
So why is it that I get to have sex with my beautiful wife, but all these homeless guys are sexually starved?
That's not fair.
That's the parasitism of socialism.
[37:01] We're all equal.
Why do you make a lot more money than I do, Joe?
That's not fair.
I need to have as much money as you, right?
So I don't think, I mean, I hope that it's not what what you what you're saying is true because then that's even more sinister, right?
That there's kind of a who-who-who.
I just think it's people who are misguided in their misdirected nobility, right?
I think it's both.
You think it's both, yeah?
Yeah, I think it's both.
Maybe it's both, yeah.
I think there's definitely a lot of misguided people, but I think there's definitely a plan.
It's just, it's too organized.
The DA system, the DA thing with funding, the far leftist DAs, and then funding someone who opposes them, who's even more ridiculous, that seems to be a plan.
Yeah.
And he's got a pattern of that.
And he seems to enjoy it, enjoy spending his money in that way.
But he enjoys it.
I think it's like this crazy game.
Right.
What do you think about what's going on with your boyfriend Trump these days?
Oh, the trials?
The trials.
Fascinating.
You know, I had Mike Baker on who was a formerly CIA, but formerly.
[38:04] But we were talking about that, that no one's ever been charged for something like that before.
No one's ever been prosecuted for something like that before.
Certainly no political opponents.
And my thing is the danger, the people that are on the left that don't understand that now you've set a precedent.
You've set a terrible precedent.
And if Trump does get an office, what does it stop him from going after all of his political enemies in the same exact way?
Yeah, are we gonna do this now every time someone's in a position of power whether it's a governor or whether it's a president or what have you when they have a political opponent they will hire people to go after that political opponent and Trump up a bunch of Trump up no pun intended..
A bunch of bullshit charges and drag them through the court so that everybody's, the people that only have a peripheral understanding of what's going on.
So, oh my God, he's a criminal.
Keep that criminal out of the white house.
Like, okay.
Do you think a lot of people who historically had been against Trump are now honest enough to see [39:04] what a chandelier whole thing is and are revising their positions or do you think that?
There's quite a few, yes.
Really?
Yeah, but it takes a lot of bravery to do that.
And depending upon your social environment, you know, there's a lot of people that just can't step outside the lines of whatever the ideology their neighborhood is attached to and their community is attached to.
The reason why I asked the questions is because I recently appeared maybe about five, six months ago on a British psychiatrist show a small show, but I thought he was a really interesting guy He want to talk about how you apply evolution and psychiatry and so on So I was like let's do it towards the end of the show or maybe it was even the last question He said in your 30-year career as a behavioral scientist as a professor.
What is the singular Human phenomenon that has surprised you the most?
Which I thought was an amazing question.
I had never been asked before.
Question.
Yeah, it's an amazing one because I've seen tons of stuff.
And so I paused for a moment and then I said, I think it's the inability of people to change their opinions once they are [40:02] anchored in a position.
Yes.
And so it wasn't that spirit that I was asking you the question.
Have some.
Because in my experience, despite the fact that I have a chapter in the parasitic mind on how to seek truth, and therefore I'm offering a vaccine against falsehood, I'm actually quite pessimistic for some people who go, la, la, la, I don't want to hear it.
Because they're so anchored, there's no amount of evidence that I could ever show you that can move you a millimeter from your position.
That's very this hard.
It's very disheartening, it's very foolish.
I always try to tell people do not be married to your ideas.
You should not connect them to you.
They are just ideas.
They are not you.
And if you have supported an idea that you find to be false and you are afraid to admit that you were incorrect, that is far more weak than being incorrect.
Because now you know that you were incorrect, but your pride [41:01] is keeping you from admitting it.
That is beyond foolish and now people will always know that you're going to do that with what?
People will forgive you if you make mistakes.
People will forgive you if you're incorrect.
We have all made mistakes.
We are all occasionally incorrect.
I mean correct all the time.
But I make a big point of not attaching myself to ideas.
I will argue them if I think they are correct, but they are not me.
Yeah.
You know, Patrice O'Neill had a great quote, and he said, you could hold your opinions, but don't let your opinions hold you.
Right, beautiful.
Yeah.
You just, you got to know that you're not ideas.
You're a human being being and it's a challenge when you are faced with the reality of the fact that you've made an error, especially if you've been bold about it, if you've been condescending to people who disagree with it, if you're ego-tistical in your position, you connected yourself to righteousness [42:02] and intellect and science and whatever other words you wanna throw around that make your opinion More valid than the other people's been and then you find out you were wrong, right?
Okay, if we are ever gonna trust you again, you have to tell us why you were wrong How you're wrong and what that feels like and what you've learned from this because if you you don't, if you keep arguing that, you keep doing it, now we have no respect for you.
Foulchie.
We know Foulchie is the word, but he's worse than that.
I think he's far worse than that.
I think he's deceptive.
I mean, if the real Anthony Foulchie, the book by Robert F.
Kennedy Jr.
is not, if it's not accurate, he would be sued.
He would be sued.
And just forget about what happened during COVID, just what we know took place during the AIDS crisis.
Everyone should read that book.
Everyone should understand this same game plan was played out during the AIDS crisis.
And it's a game plan where they're in cohorts with the pharmaceutical drug companies [43:00] and they push this thing as being the only remedy and this is how, and they make tremendous amounts of money.
And that's all real.
This is not tinfoil hat, conspiracy-wearing shit.
That's real.
But if you supported him because you thought that he was the science and then over time, you have realized that, oh my God, they did work with Peter Datsick.
They did fund through another organization, gain a function research.
He did lie about it.
It was talked about in emails.
He did contact people who were saying one thing and had them change their position.
He did.
They did ridicule the lab leak theory when they knew it to be correct.
They knew it.
They knew they were doing the exact same research on the exact same viruses in that exact same place where it broke out They knew it right and they lied because they wanted to cover their ass and we let them get away with it Yeah, and I'm God we're talking about the inability to admit to a wrongdoing in science because oftentimes when you think about people Who are anchored in their positions you think political arguments.
You think that somehow you romanticize scientists [44:07] as being unbiased for veiers and pursuers of the truth and nothing could be further from the truth.
So I'll give you just a couple of examples, historical examples.
I mean, of course, Galileo is a perfect example.
Copernicus is a great example.
Darwin is a great example, but let's look at some other ones that people may not be familiar with so I think his name I don't know not sure how you pronounce it.
Semmel-wise He was the gentleman who arguably has saved more people than anybody else in medicine.
Do you have any idea who this?
No, is he the penicillin?
Not the penicillin.
That's What's his name sir Fleming?
I think that's Fleming.
He's I think it was a Scottish Physician I felt mistaken.
No, this guy is the gentleman who told other physicians that they should wash their hands.
So do you remember?
He was a, I think he was a Hungarian physician who was noticing that a lot [45:02] of, there was this huge mortality rate of women as they were giving birth.
And so he started running these naturally occurring experiments where you either, so the physician has just worked on a cadaver and then goes and does the obstetrics.
So when he said wash your hands, he died, I think, penniless, destitute an mental asylum or something, right?
And then later people said, oops, he was right.
Because they didn't understand bacteria.
They didn't understand bacteria.
Yeah, that guy's right.
That's it.
Samo likes exactly.
Could, could Derivic particles, is that mean?
Could Davor's there.
Yeah.
every case of childhood fever was caused by a resorption of cadaveric particles.
Oh my God.
But the blowback against this guy from the senior physicians, I mean, this guy was destitute.
He died completely unvalidated.
I mean, it was only post-hawk that he, there you go, nervous break down.
[46:02] So allegedly suffered a nervous breakdown was committed to an asylum by his colleagues in the asylum who's beaten by the guards.
Oh God.
It's incredible story.
Here's another one.
I don't remember his name.
The truth tester, Jamie, will get it out for us.
There's the gentleman who won the Nobel Prize.
I'd say in the last 20 or 30 years for arguing that ulcers are caused by a particular virus or an office of virus or a bacterium and everybody laughed them out of town, ended up winning the Nobel Prize.
So I often joke with my students, I say, if people laugh at your ideas and fight them, it's either for one or two reasons.
It's a really shitty idea and it's worthy of that division or prepared to go to Stockholm to win the Nobel Prize.
Because I mean, literally, it's one of the other.
It's one of the other because the Nobel Prize is nothing but a history of people saying what a quack this moron is.
No way.
Oops.
Here's your Nobel Prize doctor.
[47:01] And isn't that because of what we talk about?
Because of ego and that ego being connected to your ideas of someone comes along with a revolutionary idea that's contrary to what you currently believe, you take it as a front to yourself.
Exactly.
It's horrible.
So I give a talk, this is going back to some of my early appearances here where we would talk a lot more evolutionary psychology.
I give a talk at two talks at University of Michigan when my first book came out.
It was an academic book.
Evolutionary basis of consumption.
How do you apply evolutionary psychology and human behavior in general, consumer behavior in particular?
I give the talk in the psychology department on a Thursday and everybody's like, oh yeah, this is gorgeous because a lot of the psychologists were trained in physiological psychology, biological psychology, and so on.
So they were totally appreciative of the fact that you can't really study human behavior without understanding the biological signatures of human behavior.
Okay, then I go to the business school the next day, raw school of business.
I give the exact same talk.
Okay, I couldn't finish a single sentence because all of the professors, [48:02] and it was usually the professor, it wasn't the doctoral students who were, because the doctoral students are still malleable, their brains are still being formed, they're happy to listen.
It's the senior professor who has spent 30 years arguing that human minds are born tabulara, empty-slated, and it's only socialization that teaches the consumer to be how he or she is, that they were really offended by my stuff.
So they would constantly interrupt me and berate me.
And I remember, as a side person, no.
My wife was in the audience that they should come with me.
And prior to that talk, she had said, oh, I feel really sick.
I probably have food poisoning.
We later find out that she was pregnant with our first daughter.
So there's both a really bad memory and a really good memory associated with the University of Michigan.
So what was their position when you were saying this?
Biology does not exist.
So they were interrupting you?
Non-stop.
I probably got through...
So let's say I don't remember the number of slides.
Let's say I had 30 slides.
I maybe got to slide 10.
[49:00] Because so here's first question.
Oh, if everything is due to evolutionary pressures, how do you explain homosexuality then?
If everything is due to survival instinct, how do you explain suicide then?
By the way, there are evolutionary explanations for suicide and homosexuality, right?
Humans are sexually reproducing species even though chased monks exist, right?
People do have a survival instinct even though some people commit suicide.
Men are taller than women even though you're and Julie is taller than your Uncle Bob.
So what happens with people in terms of a cognitive obstacle, they take a singular datum as proof that a statement that is true of the population level has been violated.
It has it, right?
Every single WNBA player is taller than most men, that does not invalidate the fact that men are taller than women.
So all of the morons in the University of Michigan were also coming to that kind of stuff, right?
Because they didn't like the idea to our earlier discussion that we've had on the show.
A lot of people [50:02] don't like the idea that we are biologically determined.
They think that that's a form of you're just an executor of your genes.
But that's a wrong view, by the way, because everything is an interaction between your genes and the environment, right?
Even specific genes get turned on as a function of the environment.
So the fact that you believe that we have biological imperatives that guide our behavior doesn't make us blind executed our genes.
Right.
And that's what's important.
But the idea that everyone is born a blank slate is so silly because there's children that don't even grow up with their parents that have traits that their parents have.
And also, have talents that their parents have for some strange reason.
And called their dog the same name.
There's a lot of weirdness to it.
There's a lot of weirdness to memory, the genetic memory.
Like whoever you are, it's not as simple as you were a baby.
You started off clear and blank.
That's not real.
[51:00] We learn things somehow or another through some...
We learn things somehow or another through some Under I guess it's explored but not quite understood process Yeah, and this process even encourages things like racism There's there's even detrimental ideas that are inherited through children right that have been proven but they don't know exactly There's the mechanism, right?
So I, because you mentioned memory, so maybe I could talk about how you study memory from an evolutionary perspective.
Please.
So, is that where, can I ask you this before I start?
Sure.
Do you think that's where like a videophobia, a racneophobia, things like that come from?
Yeah, so there is actually a lot of research looking at the evolutionary roots of phobia.
That's studied in evolutionary clinical psychology and in Darwinian psychiatry.
But the ones for me that are fascinating are a videophobia, an arachnophobia, fear of snakes and fear of spiders.
Because that evolutionarily makes sense.
If we either got bitten survived [52:00] or you saw someone get bitten or you see a spider you're like oh shit But that's why by the way you don't go see your clinical psychologist because you have a fear of guns or fears of cars Even though cars and guns kill a lot more people in spiders if you if you go if you study The manifestations of clinical cases of phobia, they're exactly what you're saying.
Because you know, from doing fear factor, we would encounter people that had both of those.
And man, when you see it in real life, it's like a person's possessed by a demon.
It's crazy.
When you see like high level of videophobia, people see snakes, their whole body starts shaking, they can't keep their hands still.
It's crazy, man.
It's not like, you know, I see a dog, let's say scary dog.
Whoa, you live in that dog.
It's not like that.
It's like your whole body.
By the way, I actually, I don't think it's at the clinical level, but in the parasitic mind in chapter one, I talk about the maladaptive, or maybe adaptive phobia [53:06] that I have of mosquitoes.
So if, so early in my marriage to my wife, maybe that was one of the best ways to test if she'd go the whole route with me, is we were traveling to Antigua and we had the misfortune of some, you know, it's in the Caribbean, there are a lot of mosquitoes and there are a couple of mosquitoes got in.
I spent with her, with her complete patience, probably until two in the morning, tracking and killing every single mosquito in that condo because the thought of that disgusting monstrous pig sucking the blood out of me was just unbearable.
And so I, I mean, I literally will turn into a little girl if we see a mosquito in the house I cannot go on with my day.
I can't watch TV.
I can't train the mosquito must die now in a sense that's perfectly Adaptive because we know that by far if you add up the tallies of people killed by mosquitoes versus all other animals [54:04] Everything else.
It's not even a miniscule.
There's not another thing that kills people as much as mosquitoes.
Right?
So that's perfectly adopted.
But do you want me to go to the memory stuff?
Sure.
So, think about, say, a squirrel.
It has evolved a memory that allows it to remember the spatial location in your backyard where it stores caches of food, so that it has its own memory bias, so that even though it won't detect it by smell, because let's say in Montreal it's under four feet of snow, it has a mental map so that it perfectly knows where it hid everything, right?
Now the human memory has evolved to solve different problems.
So then if you are a memory researcher studying memory from an evolutionary perspective, you would say, well what would the human memory solve as an adaptive problem?
So let me give you one such example.
So if I show you a bunch of photos of people, okay, images of faces.
And I put a descriptor next to each one where I tag that person as a social [55:07] cheater or not a cheater.
So what does social cheating means?
Lack of reciprocation.
So if I do something for you, then you will cheat and recant and not I scratch your back, but you let's write right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right because they were good looking, not because they were cheaters, right?
So I put this array of faces and then later I ask you to remember whether you'd seen that face or not.
And people end up remembering at a much higher level any face that had been tagged as being a social cheater.
Do you follow?
Yeah.
Therefore, your perceptual system works in cohoots with your memory system to pay attention more to [56:08] information that is evolutionarily relevant so that I'm more likely to recall it and remember it.
So that would be an example of how you would apply the evolutionary lens to study how our memory operates.
Here's another example, not in the case of social dynamics, but in the case of remembering where food's at.
Here's another example, not in the case of social dynamics, but in the case of remembering where foods are.
So if you ask people to go through a maze of food and then ask them to remember where particular foods are, they're much more likely to remember the locations of high calorie foods.
So in this case, it's not that I have a domain general mechanism that just learns where things are.
There is a sensorial bias to me being more likely to remember the location of something if it is evolutionarily relevant.
There are many, many other such examples.
That would be a wonderful demonstration of how the evolutionary lens adds a whole layer of explanatory power [57:04] to what typically memory researchers have done, which is usually they study memory as just the domain general mechanistic system, whereas the evolutionary psychologist says, no, no, but why did that mechanism evolve to be of that form?
Right.
And why do animals have memories, even if they're not growing up with their parents?
How do they know to pee on fire hydrants?
Exactly.
Where are they getting this from?
There's something going on there.
How do they know to go after certain animals?
I have a golden retriever.
He loves all dogs, like little dogs, like the size of a car.
I just met him, yeah.
I mean, he's much more interested in people than he is, but he's never mean.
But if Carl If Kro is a squirrel that size, you would be dead.
So he knows the difference between something that's small, that's a dog, that's just tolerated.
You know, oh, how you doing, buddy?
Or something that's that big that's a squirrel, which is murder.
I'm going to murder that thing.
Okay.
You said murder.
That led me, because I was a...
He's a murderer.
He's a squirrel murderer, you called?
A murder.
So I'm going to tell you now about another study, and maybe Jamie can pull it off.
[58:06] I think it's a guy at University of Washington, maybe.
I hope I'm not wrong.
Where he wanted to see whether crows remember the face of a really nasty guy so that they can, if he then comes again, they'll start calling.
Right.
And he kind of took like an image of the face and then he would either wear it or not.
And then he would, I don't remember what the dependent measure was, but it was something to the effect of, then he's studying, there you go.
I mean, I love it.
I love having Jamie.
So this guy had a mean face and he did mean things in the crow's recognize them and and so then it starts spreading to the entire group where they exactly know you see this face remember it he's a fucker that makes sense crow's are insanely smart oh they're smarter than most [59:00] do you have you seen the ones from I think new caledonia that do all the stuff with the maybe jaymy you could pull that from, I think, New Caledonia that do all the stuff with the, maybe Jamie, you could pull that one out.
I think that's the smartest of all the, that Avaian species.
They can take rocks and like a thousand different things to get food out of things that I guarantee you, you and I would sit there for 18 hours and we wouldn't crack that mystery.
You have to figure it out and how to use tools to get other tools to extract food.
Oh yeah there you go.
There you go.
It's amazing.
It's unbelievable.
They put rocks in there to raise the water level.
I mean a little kid wouldn't even figure that out.
I mean they're fucking smart man.
Look at this.
Look at this.
It's crazy.
Well I love it.
It's also their brains are so small which really is really confusing.
Bird brain.
Yeah.
It's also their brains are so small which really is really confusing bird brain.
Yeah, it's really confusing like large brains don't I mean We don't really know how Intelligent in animal is unless we see it manipulate its environment or communicate.
Yeah, because it's possible that elephants are insanely smart They have immense memories their memories are nuts like they meant Like they get reunited with their calves like 20 years later, [1:00:06] and they run and embrace each other, and it's just joyous.
When elephants die, they mourn.
They mourn the death.
They have huge brains, but it's also a huge animal, but it doesn't manipulate its environments.
We don't respect it.
It's sort of like the way the reason why dolphins are in SeaWorld is because that's the literal slavery.
It's slavery of probably a parallel or if not more intellectual species.
Something with a cerebral cortex, 40% larger than a human beings.
Something that communicates in a language that we can't decipher.
Something that has different dialects.
Something that operates in these very tight social groups, but they do some rough sex I don't know if you're well they do they're pretty dolphins are horrible dolphins are they kill their babies There's no hashtag me too with the dolphins.
Let me tell you it's worse than that dolphins when they find a female And she has a child if he has not had sex with that that dolphin female that child's not his so he'll kill [1:01:06] Lines do the same, but what they'll do is the females will have a sex with as many dolphins as they can So you don't know so you don't know whose kid it is So that they don't kill the baby, which is wild there you go I mean, but that's how you live when there's no doors You know you're in the ocean is there's no doors.
Open wide.
Open wide.
It's just wide, yo.
That's murder soup.
You said manipulate the environment.
So have you heard of the Bauer bird?
You know what that is?
No.
So the Bauer bird, maybe, sorry, I keep on.
How do you say it?
B-O-W-E-R.
So the Bauer bird creates a Bauer, which is a structure that serves no purpose other than demonstrating my artistic...
There you go!
Really?
So, by the way, you know what I'm loving about today's show?
It's like I feel like I'm back to lecturing my evolutionary psychology stuff.
[1:02:01] Good!
I need a class!
So look what he's doing.
You see?
So let me explain what's happening here, unless you want to watch it first.
No, please explain.
So what?
It's one of the only species other than humans that uses artistic ability as a mating cue, right?
So right, Picasso, short little guy, bald, ugly.
He's got a huge lineup of hot women who want to have sex with him because he's Picasso.
That's what the Bauer bird's doing.
He's saying, look at how architecturally savvy I am.
Look how symmetric my Bauer bird is.
Not only that, by the way.
They say, oh, there you go.
Okay, she said you're good enough.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Yes.
Excellent trophies.
So now, but you saw all those other blue things?
Yes.
So if you travel to Australia in certain regions, there are signs from the government saying, if you are women, don't be careful.
Don't wear shiny things on your head.
Why?
[1:03:00] Because these assholes will come at you, attack the women's head, steal the shiny things so that they could use the shiny things in their power to attract the ladies.
That's smart.
That's smarter than most men.
Not really.
But I see what you're saying.
But look at this setup man.
This guy's got this dope pad.
It's got like a bachelor pad with flowers in front, like ladies, don't you like flour?
No, that was the girl.
That was the girl.
Yeah, that's the girl.
Usually in avion species, the drab one is the girl and the flashy one is the guy.
Right, like nobody gives a fuck about female flamingos.
Yeah, fuck out of here, female flamingos.
What am I gonna do with that?
I need a dude with a Exactly straight around exactly if you got flamingos man.
You're a baller That's a move right have a flamingo in your yard That's what I know so you only have a I'm thinking of peacock.
Yeah, I have a dog I'm thinking of peacock.
I'm doing the whole thing like I'm a peacock But I'm thinking of I'm saying flamingo.
Yeah, I only have a dog have chickens too chickens too.
By the way, are you, like, those exotic ones?
[1:04:05] No, the little chicken chicken.
Or just like regular chicken.
They're like chicken, slightly eggs.
But here's the, I'm scared to ask this.
They become pets, you don't eat them, right?
No, I don't eat.
I will have somebody fucks around.
Somebody tries to hurt somebody.
I'll grab One of them was younger.
This is my old group of chickens that I had when my youngest daughter was a baby.
They were pecking her feet and there's this one country chicken that we had.
And I feel like there's going to be a Christine no moment?
No, no, no, no, nobody died.
My wife, unfortunately, they all did.
They all coyotes got them and dogs.
Long story.
Anyway, point is I go, no, she's trying to eat the baby's feet.
Like, you gotta understand, this is not, this is not like she thinks that's a worm.
She thinks she can get away with eating.
They eat each other, they fucking peck at each other.
They'll get, they'll murder a mouse.
If you're never seeing a chicken and a mouse together, [1:05:01] whoo!
Really, huh?
together.
Who?
Really?
We had a fence and this is very unfortunate, but we had a fence that was glass and one of the side effects of this glass fence was hawks and hawks would be swooping down and try to get a rat or some other rodent or something and they had bam.
Nose dive into this glass and we lost like three hawks.
I was like, this is fucked up.
I was like, maybe we should go back to the other fence.
My wife was like, fuck you.
I like this fence.
So it was, it was one of those conversations where we were like, like, this seems like it's our fault that these hawks died, right?
So one of them made it.
One of them lived and they took the hawk and they put it in like a big wash machine box and contact this wildlife rescue thing and they said, okay, if you're gonna have it because we're not open until Monday, you got to feed it thing.
So what do you feed it?
So you have to go to the store or so into the pet store, they get these things called pinkies.
And when pinkies are just baby mice, they're baby mice that have, they're not gonna live.
They're separated from their mother, [1:06:05] you feed them to reptiles.
It's gross, right?
And so the hawk ate most of them, but he did need one.
So they were like, we're gonna raise it.
I go listen, you can't just do that.
You can't just like feed a bunch of these little things to this giant raptor and then say, now we're gonna take this one that survived and raise it, first of all, the nightmare as that little fucker would have.
But second of all, it's not viable, it's not gonna, it needs, it's not gonna live.
Yeah.
I go, let's just give it to the chickens.
So I brought it outside and I put it in the chickens cage.
One chicken grabs it as fast as I've ever seen a chicken move and then every other chicken runs after that chicken and tries to get it away from her.
Is it a defensive thing or they want to eat it?
They want to eat it.
They want to eat it.
And so she has it in her mouth and they're trying to steal it from her and they just tear it apart and devour it like dinosaurs.
Wow.
Like it's so crazy watching them kill each other.
[1:07:01] So I'm not feeling so guilty at the genocide of chicken that I eat.
It's still fucked up because it's the soul of the animal.
It's not being expressed as nature intended.
The soul, the animal should be a chicken.
It's not that you shouldn't eat chickens, but chickens should live as chickens.
They should wander around and pick bugs and eat worms and do all the things that chickens love doing to have a chicken just in a box for its entire existence.
You're stealing souls.
Like you're doing something fucked up.
That's way more fucked up than just raising a farm.
If you got cows and they're on a pasture and every day they're just being cows, and then one day you take them in a stall and bang.
This thing goes into their brain and they're dead.
That is way less evil.
That is way more humane than what's gonna happen to them in the wild.
What are they gonna do?
They're gonna either freeze to death or starve to death or get torn apart by wolves.
Torred, if you're gonna have cows everywhere and people wanna reintroduce wolves everywhere, congratulations, you've got wild kingdom.
[1:08:02] You've got wild kingdom happening in your neighborhood.
If that's what you want.
And if you don't want people to eat cows anymore, okay, what are you gonna do with the cows?
Are you gonna sterilize them?
Are you gonna keep a certain amount?
Are you gonna play God with cows?
Are you gonna say the cows can't breed?
Are you gonna give the boys cows birth control?
What are you gonna do?
How are you gonna do?
How are you gonna do?
I'll get introduced predators.
Okay.
How are you gonna keep kids from those predators?
How are you gonna keep dogs from those predators?
Have you thought about this?
Now you haven't.
There's people that are reintroducing grizzly bears to Washington as we speak.
We're gonna reintroduce the things that we killed because they killed everybody.
We're so smart.
It's bananas.
These people are out of their fucking minds and they're not, they don't have a real understanding of actual nature.
The horrible thing is this commodization of nature.
This taking animals and factory farming them in these horrific conditions where it's illegal to film.
It's illegal to have ag-gag laws.
Because it's so traumatic.
[1:09:05] It's so traumatic and so horrific you would affect the industry.
Yeah, yeah.
No, I agree.
That's what's wrong with eating meat.
Yeah.
What's being a part of the natural cycle of life is what made humans human.
If you want the most nutrients, it comes from animal protein.
There's a reason why it's so cherished.
I made not in the using the same words, but I've made roughly the same argument when the tofu brigade came after me.
Because I was offering some evolutionary reasons for why we have to have animal protein as part of our diets.
And they were so pissed at me because they thought it was very hypocritical that on the one hand I could share so many tweets and post demonstrating how much I love animals.
And then in another photo I show some stake or here's what my wife is cooking.
And that to them was completely incongruous and was proof of my moral degeneracy.
And then I actually created two sad truth clips where I was really demonstrating the evolutionary reasons, you know, archaeological data, [1:10:05] dental data, physiognomic data, anthropological data, and they just wouldn't have it.
You're a hypocrite, you can't love an animal and eat an animal.
So I'm glad that you...
Well, there's a real problem with that, too, and this is something that people dismiss very openly, but I don't think we should.
I think plants are alive, and I don't think they're just alive in a way that we can feel completely fine about growing them in this insane monocrop agriculture place and pouring industrial grade fertilizer and pesticides all over them.
I think they're a thing that thinks.
I think they're a thing that communicates I think they're a thing that communicates with their environment, but they just do it in a way that we don't understand.
They do it through mycelium.
They arrange resources.
They allocate resources towards plants that need them more.
They have some sort of a network of communication.
I was going to say, have you seen the networks of fungi?
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Mindful.
I had Paul Stammett in the podcast a couple of times and he's a mycologist and just a brilliant [1:11:09] guy and he really explains it all so well.
It's so mind-blowing though the relationship that the mycelium have with the nutrients in the earth and that it's, the earth is not dirt.
It's like a living environment.
It's this environment that they've ruined through monocrop agriculture.
And that's what's wrong with farming.
It's not farming.
Farming is a perfect way to balance an ecosystem.
When those people do it the right way, like those people from White Oaks Pastures or Polyface Farms, regenerative agriculture people, there's like zero carbon farms, regenerative agricultural people, there's like zero carbon footprint of what they do.
And in fact, it's sequester's carbon.
You're growing things.
It's manure and cows and it's all working together and the chickens are free ranging.
And it's like, it's nature just in a contained environment.
But that's normal.
Have you mentioned the word soil?
[1:12:02] So it made me think about, have you seen the research on, I kind of remember what the term is, but something like soil DNA, that I guess the pioneer is, I think he's Danish, either Danish or Swedish, I think Danish.
And basically they go to these steps that are really, I'm not maybe not Mongolian steps, but somewhere where you expect to find a lot of the typical fossil remains and so on.
But what they now do is they just do this excavation of soil.
In the same way that people who study ice, you know how they can bore, and then they can date the various ice.
So they do something similar where they kind of harvest tons of soil, and they're then able to isolate DNA of mammoths.
Have you seen some of the stuff?
Yes, I have.
Yeah.
That's mind blowing.
Mind blowing.
Unbelievable.
Yeah.
I actually thought about inviting that guy on my show.
Maybe you should have him on your show.
Yeah, that sounds fast.
I need to talk about.
It really is so interesting when you just think about this, the complex interaction between [1:13:04] everything on earth.
The plants that we literally need plants to create oxygen for us and they're consuming more carbon.
But that's one of the craziest things about Ginghis Khan.
When Ginghis Khan lived, they killed so many people that places reforisted and they lowered the carbon footprint of Earth.
That's a real thing.
So, like, genocide was green.
Yeah, that was green.
If you looked at it, there's also like different ways, Dan Carlin on Hardcore History has the most amazing series.
It's called Wrath of the Cont.
I think you have to buy it on his website, but it's really cheap.
It's like a dollar in episode or something.
And it's really cheap.
It's like a dollar in episode or something.
And it's fucking amazing.
It's amazing.
And I think it's a three piece thing.
Is it a three piece series on Jenga's Con?
It's the correct way to say it.
Timo Jean was his real name.
And what he did and like the rise.
That guy sped some jeans.
Jesus, Louise.
[1:14:01] That guy was busy.
That guy get after it.
I mean, spread some genes and killed some fucking people.
Kill 10% of the population of Earth.
Yeah.
It wasn't that much?
Yeah.
Okay, I don't know.
It was that much.
10%.
Wow.
Yeah.
Somewhere in the neighborhood of 50 to 70 million people, they don't know exactly.
There is a genocide.
Bro.
You ain't kidding.
You said, oh, how everything is connected, which leads me to a concept which I don't think I've ever discussed on my 10 shows on your podcast.
This concept, Consilience have you heard that term before?
Sure.
Yes.
Yeah, like being conciliatory?
No, no, it doesn't mean that all.
Consilience comes from, I mean, it doesn't come from him, but he kind of reintroduced it into the lexicon.
Do you know who E.
O.
Wilson is?
I've heard the name.
E.
O.
Wilson is a, he just recently passed away at the maybe age of 90.
I just read his autobiography called Naturalist, Amazing, but autobiography.
He was a Harvard entomologist and a strong proponent of sociobiology, applying biology to studies, social systems and so on.
[1:15:03] And he was part of the original culture wars where a lot of his colleagues hated him because he was arguing that biology affects human behavior.
E.O.
Wilson, check him out, he's unbelievable.
Well, in the late 90s, he wrote a book called Consilience, Unity of Knowledge.
And that became one of the foundational books in how I did my academic career, which is, Consilience is trying to unify disparate areas of human endeavor that you typically wouldn't think should be linked together.
So you could link the natural sciences, the social sciences and the humanities through the Consilience of Evolutionary Theory.
So because you could study psychology, using evolutionary theory, of course you could study biology, using evolutionary theory, or you could study aesthetics, which is in the humanities, using evolutionary theory.
So that became a really important concept in my own work because my brain operates as a synthetic machine.
[1:16:01] I like to synthesize across.
So one of the reasons why I decided early on to break out of just being an academic, because I couldn't see myself as a stay in your lane professor.
I need to try to, right?
So coming on Joe Rogan is going to allow me to share ideas and synthesize things with millions of people rather than writing another academic paper that if I'm lucky, will be read by 50 people and cited by 12 and so well before you came on though When you came when you came on there's being on the show is not that problematic In what you mean like people criticize being on the show because nobody even knew what it was well That's true once they did know what it was, people looked down at it.
So I don't know if I've ever shared the story before, and even if I have it's worth repeating, I discuss this in the personal mind.
I had been invited to Stanford in 2017 to speak at their business school, a very academic scientific talk on how to apply evolutionary theory blah, blah, blah.
So my host, who's a fellow, he's a consumer psychologist, [1:17:06] invited me out to dinner the night before.
And I think after I was going there, I think I was flying down to the time you were in Southern California still.
2017 you were in Southern, yeah.
And I was gonna do your show, I think.
So during dinner, he said, also I hear you go off and on Joe Rogan's show.
I said, oh yeah, yeah.
He goes, yeah, well, we don't condone that at Stanford, very kind of hot.
I said, you don't condone what?
He goes, well, we don't do our research so that it could be sexy enough for it to appear so I could talk about it on Joe Rogan.
I said, well, I don't do the research.
Also that I can appear on Joe Rogan, but if I can publish a paper in an academic journal and then go on Joe Rogan and hopefully excite people about evolutionary psychology and psychology of decision making, isn't that better than just having my wife and mother read the paper?
And he didn't like that.
[1:18:00] He thought, whereas now, I, not that many, but I'll get a lot more professors who will write to me saying, can you get me on Joe Rogan?
Well, that's good.
But that speaks to how patterns change, right?
Yeah, well, it's just, you know, it's so easy to label somebody.
It's so easy to label a platform or, you know, like podcasting in in general that it's frivolous, especially if you live in the academic world.
But it's just an opportunity to talk about stuff.
And if I'm talking to someone about evolutionary psychology or if I'm talking to someone about coal mining, I just want to know what's going on.
Well, let me tell you something.
I'm not trying to blow smoke up your ass or be ingratiating or anything, but I bet if there was a currency metric to measure how much you've affected the intellectual ecosystem versus your average well-published professor, [1:19:01] I would put my money on you, not because you were the creator of the knowledge, but because boy, are the biggest the seminator of knowledge, right?
So like well, I'm just lucky right and a big part of the luck is that I have the fortune to talk to these people Because most people just don't have access to people like you Yeah, like if I want to sit down with a guy like you for three hours like if I didn't have a podcast That would be a tough sell Like hey, God, can you put your phone away and just you and me just stare at each other for three hours and have a conversation?
But this is for whatever reason, I probably spend more time individually talking to people this way than any other way because I do so many of these things.
Do you think before you started this that there were indicators that bore you such a good conversation with us, you know how to hold?
Or it came as a surprise to you that it would be so successful.
Oh, it's a hundred percent surprise.
Yeah, yeah, I just wanted to do it because I thought it'd be fun.
That was it.
There's a chapter in the book Life as a playground.
[1:20:03] Oh, yeah.
Just live every...
Science is play, right?
What science, it's one big puzzle that you're trying to identify which variable, meaningfully relate to other variables.
Yeah.
So it's a form of puzzle making.
So, you know, so actually there's research that shows that if you marry someone that scores similar to you on the adult playfulness scale, I don't remember the time, right?
Some people score very high on that.
Probably you do, I know that I do.
If you then match up with someone who scores very highly, like you do, assortatively, that's a very big predictor of you having successful union.
That makes sense.
Yeah, you don't want to be with someone who hates jokes.
Especially if you're a professional comic.
And if you're funny and they're not funny, that's probably not as fun.
Right.
That's probably boring.
But if you had to choose between the person that you're with is also very funny or at least laughs at your joke, [1:21:04] you could only have one or the two.
So she's either a positive receptacle to your humor or she goes toe to toe with you and being as funny.
Which one would you prefer?
I take toe to toe with me as funny.
Yeah, I don't need someone to think I'm funny.
I got plenty of people.
Well, the audience.
I don't need a wife.
My wife doesn't have to have the same taste as me, even in me.
Like, I don't care.
Like, I don't care if you like different.
Like, they listen to music that I think is garbage.
And I'm like, God, can I get a picture?
Can I get a picture to share something?
No, I don't want to be mean.
We like a lot of they've introduced me to Taylor Swift But my daughter is a swifty But they play some Taylor Swift something like this was not bad But the point is it's like you don't have to like the same things as I like that's stupid that's stupid You know she likes football.
I don't even know the rules.
I don't know what's going on It's fun to watch.
Do you seriously don't know football?
I barely know what's happening.
Wow.
Yeah.
I barely know what's happening.
[1:22:05] I have friends that are like Aaron Rogers, my friend.
Is that what the fuck's going on?
I hear you're in the ball.
You throw the ball.
Yeah, and he's really good at that shit.
He's a smart guy.
He's a very interesting guy.
Speaking of athletes, last time I came on the show, I did apparently a clip when viral from our conversation where I was kind of hailing the cosmic justice of why it was important for messy to win that world cup remember that?
Yes, you did say that.
So, speaking of life as a playground and have, you know, scoring high on openness and all the things that I think you do very well, and I'd like to think that I do too, about maybe a week or two after I appeared on your show last year, I get an email, you know, dear, whatever, Professor Sad, my name is, I guess I could say his name because I'm going, you're going to know, my name is your gay mass.
I am the majority owner of Inter Miami.
[1:23:02] I'm a fan, whatever.
I know that you have a deep appreciation for Messi.
Whenever you'd like to come to a game, you'll be my personal guest.
Oh shit!
Now, think about this.
This geeky professor who could have lived his life just doing his little narrow stuff, right?
You know, I'm good in my ecosystem.
A few other professors care about my work or go out there grab life by The balls the balls and and live it fully and connect and so on right so I Call my wife over.
I say I'm James Bond.
I mean in what world so It what world is it possible for you know the Lebanese professor an evolutionary theory to get an email from the majority owner.
So September 27th or 28th I'm on a flight down to Miami.
They're playing in the US Open Cup.
It turns out that Messi was injured, so he didn't play.
[1:24:06] I'm supposed to meet him.
I bring him copies of my book sign, even the Spanish version of the parasitic mind because he only reads Spanish.
He ends up not being there because he's not playing and so on.
I mean, he's standing right next to me.
I didn't get to meet him really.
I meet Zinedine Zidane, who was the greatest French player of all time, and World Cup winner, right there in the president's lodge, David Beckham, hang out with him, I'm not saying these to drop names.
Oh look, I know these cool people.
But I'm saying, if I didn't have that open spirit where I didn't view my world as only being restricted to the ecosystem of academia, if I didn't come on Joe Rogan that opened me up to a whole new audience, all of those people would have never heard of my work.
If I only published peer-reviewed papers rather than publishing books, which by the way in academia, you published trade books that look down upon.
How is that looked down upon?
If you publish a book that can be read by 300,000 people, how is that not better than publishing an academic paper that's read by three people.
But that one is pure.
[1:25:05] It's academic.
That other one is vulgar and popularizer.
Yeah.
It's grotesque.
It's stupid.
It is stupid.
And unfortunately, stupid can also be really smart.
Really smart people can be stupid.
Well, George Orwells, I'm paraphrasing him, said it takes intellectuals to come up with really dumb ideas.
Well, in this country, there's a lot of examples that you could point to that would indicate that that'd be correct.
It's just, you could be really dumb and also be smart as shit in your discipline.
And again, it just boils down a lot of it is male ego.
That's a big part of the problem with a lot of these ideas that people hold so sacred.
The fascinating one for me with you is this reluctance to accept that there's other factors for the development of a human personality.
And that it's not a blank slate.
Like that seems interesting.
And if I was a teacher that was teaching something contrary to that, I would want to know [1:26:04] this.
And now I know that I've been teaching nonsense.
Now I have to call like 50,000 students over the last 20 years.
Hey guys, remember that I told you?
Yeah, it turns out I thought it was true.
What would you do?
That's got to be horrible for them.
When new information comes out that's irrefutable, some new scanning, new thing that shows that this thing that we had always held to be true, that you've taught in classes that you've won awards for is nonsense.
Yeah, so there's a great, so my favorite quote, and maybe Jamie could pull it out by JBS Haldane.
JBS Haldane was an evolutionary geneticist, but it was also known for having these beautiful, quotable quips.
And so here, the quote in question, I have it in the last chapter of the consuming instinct, 2011 book.
He's talking about the four stages that academics go through before they accept a theory.
So I'm paraphrasing now what his stages are.
[1:27:06] Stage one, oh this is complete rubbish bullshit.
Stage two, well this may be true, but largely unimportant.
Stage three, well this is definitely true, but it's probably not actionable.
Stage four, oh I always said so, right?
So what happens is you go through these phases and if you're dogged enough as I was, then the people who laughed at you and stayed, oh, there you go.
There's worthless nonsense.
There's worthless nonsense.
This is worthless nonsense.
This is an interesting but perverse point of view.
This is true but quite unimportant.
I always set so perfect.
And I always, I've always said that.
That's the government's position on COVID vaccine.
That's right.
Exactly.
By the way, but here's the funny personal anecdote.
I am a pathological email hoarder, meaning that I never get rid of emails because I always think, what if I ever need whatever's contained in that email?
[1:28:01] Right.
So I have emails from people who let's say had taken a very negative position in stage one, your evolutionary psychology stuff is bullshit.
I have that email.
It's 2001 and I have the email from 2019 when you say dear God, we would be honored if you would be the plenary speaker.
I'm like, oh, but what happened to I was a bullshitter in 2001?
Oh, wow.
So you just have to be dogged.
You have to collect the evidence and hopefully here's my position as an outsider.
How could you know?
Like, why would you say it's a blank slate?
Well, how could you know?
And why would you ignore all this interesting Information that we now know about the role that your parents play because the blank slate is very hopeful Right because the blank I think it was I came up with those Watson the behaviors who said that you know Give me 12 children.
I could turn any one of them into a doctor into a beggar into a lawyer meaning that everybody is [1:29:05] into a doctor, into a beggar, into a lawyer, meaning that everybody is infinitely malleable.
Now, that's a hopeful message if I'm a parent, right?
If I create a child, you mean you're telling me that he's got equal chance to be Michael Jordan or Leonardo Messi.
If only I have the right schedule of reinforcement of how to hug him and went to hug him, that's hopeful.
I don't want to be told that there is something innate about my child that guarantees that he will never be the next Michael Jordan.
So I think the message, the blank state message, doesn't originally start as just the quacky idea.
It's a noble idea, perfectly rooted in bullshit, but it's a noble idea.
Here's another example of a noble idea.
Franz Boas was a actually Jewish anthropologist at Columbia University about a hundred years ago who was the one who developed cultural relativism, the idea that there are no human universals.
So biology doesn't matter in explaining cultural phenomena because every culture is uniquely [1:30:01] distinct.
Now the reason why he proposed that idea is because many nasty folks had misused biology and evolutionary theory.
And therefore by him eradicating biology from the study of anthropology, he was hopefully doing a noble thing.
But you can't kill truth in the service of a goal, right?
And so, but that's what, so a lot of these guys, it's not to our earlier conversation, they are not conspiratorial and spreading bullshit.
They believe that by holding those positions, they're creating the proper utopia.
But it's rooted in bullshit.
The reluctance to change one's opinion is always a very unfortunate thing to witness.
a very unfortunate thing to witness.
I hear you.
What's the, can you think of one or two things that you remember most where you've done 180 on that you'd like to share?
I don't know if I've done real 180s.
Or a sizable shift.
You know, I used dumb ones.
Big foot's a real dumb one.
[1:31:01] I still even big foot.
But you were eight or last Saturday?
Oh, like pretty recently.
Within the last two decades.
What made you...
Talking to bigfoot people.
And thinking and seeing that they're happy.
Yeah, there's something wrong with them.
Unfortunately, I used to have a joke about it.
Here's one thing you don't find when you're looking for bigfoot, black people.
You're more likely to find bigfoot than you are black people looking for bigfoot.
It's all a bunch of unfuckable white dudes, unfuckable white dudes out camping.
And there's a mystery, there's a thing that they wanna believe and there's almost no evidence.
Almost no evidence.
There's some weird stuff like footprints with dermal ridges, but you can fake that.
It could be bullshit.
Does that apply to the other class lockness monster also you don't believe?
Well, the lockness monster is most likely nonsense, or maybe it could be a big fish or something like that.
But the actual photo of the lockness monster is a hoax that's been proven to be a hoax.
They know the guy took it.
They know [1:32:01] how he did it.
He used a cardboard cut out or something like that or some cutout and put it in the water and then took a photo.
It was bullshit.
It's probably, it could be a sturgeon, it could be some large fish.
I think there's a lot of theories on it, but they've done scans of the lock.
They've never found anything.
It's certainly not a population of them.
Right.
They can stay alive for this long.
They have to be breeding.
Like how many of them?
What are they eating?
How big is this?
What are you talking about?
The big foot thing I think was real.
And I think it was real in the human imagination and it was real in terms of like modern human beings encountered these things.
And it's a real animal called Gigantopithecus.
And it really did exist in Asia and if human beings were coming across the bearing land bridge.
It's very likely that they were there too.
They all existed in the same environment and in the same time period.
And this fucking thing is in like Native American history.
They have a large number of names for this.
[1:33:01] They don't have dragons.
They don't have crazy shit that doesn't exist.
They have a myth of this gigantic hairy ape that lives in the woods and I think it did.
I think it did probably until, you know, who knows how many thousands and thousands of years ago.
But the idea of one being around today, almost no evidence, almost nothing just visual bullshit blurry bullshit Footprints that maybe I don't know you could fake that you could fake a footprint.
It's not a fucking fake Ferrari You know, it's not like complicated to fake a footprint You know all you don't understand about the amount of weight It says who says who says you says you a guy wants to believe in bigfoot so bad Right, they want to believe so bad.
It is a religion It's a religion.
So what do you think is the psychological mechanism that causes them to want to but it's because there is kind of a mystery and all things that are out there that we can't explain [1:34:02] Here's the thing if bigfoot was real wouldn't be nearly as interesting as a killer will.
Not nearly as interesting.
If Bigfoot is just as big, stupid, monkey that lives in the woods and just shits all over himself and the fucking eats campers, that wouldn't be nearly as interesting.
It's this super intelligent creature that lives in the water that saves people.
It saves people.
You know, before we were outside, I was talking to some of your crew and I was telling them that someone had asked me, oh, do you, actually it was the border agent as I was coming through to Austin.
He asked, why am I coming?
I said, oh, I'm coming to the show.
He says, oh, do you get like a list of things that you talk about?
I said, oh, it's exactly not, it's exactly the opposite of that.
And so to that point, I wouldn't have ever, I didn't have in my bingo card, the defecation of Bigfoot and Forest.
Yeah, like what is he doing up there?
You stinky bitch.
Like come on, the idea that no one has taken real good footage in this day and age with the amount of hikers and campers and people that are in the woods [1:35:01] and people that are into photography and nature photography and trail cameras.
Trail cameras are everywhere.
They're over water holes.
They're everywhere.
So what's the mechanism by which I mean, you know, you listed the name of the animal that you've taken.
I can't do a bit of it.
Exactly.
Yeah.
So you obviously have a lot of these tidbit information.
Are you a voracious reader or how do you get your source of information?
Well, I've read an embarrassing amount of books on Bigfoot.
No, but in general.
But in general, a lot of audiobooks.
You do a lot of audio.
The best way for me to, like I can do that while I'm working out, I can do that while I'm in the sauna, I can do that when I'm in the car.
So that to me is like that's a couple of hours of taking in information.
Beautiful.
Where I would just ordinarily just like lifting weights.
But you don't you don't love the feeling of grabbing above.
I do.
But I'm also so busy that to me it's like the best way to consume ideas.
It's I feel like reading a book is 100% listening to an audiobook is 80 to 90%.
Oh, okay.
I don't think it's the same thing.
[1:36:06] I have to.
It's too easy to gloss over.
I've never an audiobook book.
I've only read.
I haven't even read an electronic book.
Really?
I love paper.
I love paper.
I'm a pathological book hoarder.
Do you write on paper or do you type it out?
I type it out So now I type sometimes I'll take little notes I'm sitting at the cafe.
I have an idea for something I want to do so I'll write it and then I'll but if I'm writing a book It's always on the computer.
There's no written anymore And I've noticed that my penmanship has really gotten worse.
I don't know if I'm not actually yeah exactly me, too It's terrible.
But I'm a voracious reader and one of the things that stresses me the most is in my personal library, in my study, I've got literally hundreds and hundreds of books and I will often walk in there and say, will I ever have time to read?
[1:37:01] So I have probably 600 books that I have yet to read.
And each of those books has so much information that if I were to read.
So I have probably 600 books that I have yet to read.
And each of those books has so much information that if I were to read all those books, boy, I would be an even more exciting guest on the Joe Rogan show.
No, what I mean by that is that there's so much, the more you know, the more you realize, truly, how little you know.
Yeah, absolutely.
And so I say, oh my God, here's a biography on, so I just bought a biography on the taxonomist who created the system of how to label animal species.
He's a Swedish taxonomist.
Now, that sounds very esoteric and specific, but I'm sure there is this incredible information that I can glean in that book, which today I don't have that knowledge in my brain.
So to all people who are listening, read.
There is nothing more.
Number one predictor of your child's success is how many books were in the home of the parents.
I don't know if it's number one, but certainly a highly predictive one.
[1:38:00] So reading Elon Musk, you probably know this when he came to, I think from South Africa to Canada, he came with a luggage of books.
He's a voracious reader, right?
Now, that doesn't mean that he became who he became only because he read, but it's very hard to have an interesting person who's not very knowledgeable about many things.
And that's why one of the things that's been very difficult with my children is I see them doing the scrolling and it drives me crazy because I haven't been able to instill that reflex of just saying, there is nothing I'd rather do right now than go sit somewhere and immerse myself in a book.
They don't have that reflex.
Yeah, that is a problem with electronics because it does hijack your reward system.
It hijacks your attention span, hijacks your brain.
And it's hard because kids are growing up in this environment.
It's a different environment.
And I have two ways of looking at it.
I have one way of looking at it where you have to kind of set an example.
And I'm not the best at that.
[1:39:01] I like to look at my phone like just to put your phone away and put work away.
Don't be responding to emails just just put it away and focus.
I think we all should do that but we are all also living in this new world and that is not going to change and I think that's the same as when people are like don't get in the car let's walk okay, that's good for a little while, but now guess what, Martha, everyone has cars.
Let's get a fucking car.
I'm not walking to New York.
What are you talking about?
I'm not getting in this stupid wagon, getting pulled by a horse.
This is dumb.
They have cars now.
I think we're gonna get to a point where avoiding avoiding some interaction with other human beings, it's gonna be constant, and it's gonna be more invasive than it is now.
These are steps that our species is taking in its integration with technology that seem to be unstoppable.
[1:40:00] And to isolate yourself and move to the woods in a cabin, that's one way to do it.
But no, but the hygiene or the discipline of saying, I'm now focused.
I'm not, I mean, I know the research findings on this.
And yet I always find myself going into my phone and then stopping myself.
So in writing, you always stop yourself?
I mean, I don't.
I stop myself three out of ten times.
Especially if I could come up with some reason, oh, I'm gonna go over my notes.
Yeah, yeah.
But so what is the pull in your case?
Is it scrolling through the Twitter?
Just nonsense.
Looking at nonsense on Instagram.
And a lot of it is horrible.
Because I have this fucking thing that I'm doing with Tom Segura, We send each other the worst things we find every day.
Like an animal and an animal attacks.
This one dude fucking stole a cop car was in a high-speed chase in Mexico with no tires.
It just flames coming out of the bottom of his [1:41:01] car.
Wild shit.
A lot of people fallin' off buildings.
Why?
We just, it's been doin' this to each other for just like out of a mor- How many months has it been now?
It's been like, it's like a morbid?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, just freaking each other out every day.
So now the algorithm knows that I'm fucked up.
So the algorithm is only showing me like motorcycle accidents and just the wildest shit that you shouldn't be looking at.
But I get so many of those videos that show up on my feed where it tells you, are you sure you want to look at this?
Oh, boy.
You know where it's blurry and you have to click and you have to look at it.
I don't think I'd maybe twice that.
Really?
Yeah, so but here's the thing.
So I'm interested in the AI algorithm that generates those because oftentimes it'll put things in my feed that I truly think I don't know how it could have found out that I'd like this stuff because I there is no signature Electronically of me having searched something.
I say what a three-piece wool suits, right?
Okay.
I love I love that look And so now I'll see a thousand guys wearing these gorgeous Italian [1:42:04] Right, but other times it presents stuff to me that makes no sense that it almost seems as though i'm into gay son i guys uh...
that i mean i'm being serious like it's it's so it's kind of uh...
fitness which of course i'm into having lost a lot of weight but it almost seems homo erotic where it's always these guys that are and and so as i'm going to this my wife will say what what what are you looking at as it well i'm not sure i want to show you that it's like literally seventeen super muscular guys but there is no there's nothing that i've done that's such a test that it should recognize that in me how do you explain that doctor joe well they took a chance and they missed.
The day is not complete.
You know, you're interested in some things.
But that's interesting, like any perception of men with a six pack, like looking good and oiled up, that's homoerotic, which is interesting.
Because a woman with a beautiful body is not considered homoerotic at all.
[1:43:01] And then odd.
It is odd.
But it's like, oh, don't even want to look at each fuck good looking girl.
No, I swear to you, gay.
But just don't hit that.
I'm someone who actually is very easy in complimenting other men.
So that's not, that wasn't, no, but it is, it's considered homoerotic.
That's the problem.
Well, there's a lot of girls to do that too though.
Yeah There's a lot of girls that take these sexy Lifting weights poses, but you don't think of them some or a lot of no, but they're appealing to the male gaze in that case And he we assume that the female so the male men are posing they're appealing to men because men are Tilted by visual stimuli not women right so very few women I think women say that ugly dudes We weren't even visual don't worry about but they're not as visual And we can be really visual of course when a girl sees like Tatum O'Neal will be sure off.
Yeah Yeah, no, of course that's that's real too,.
But, but how many strip bars are out there targeting female patrons?
[1:44:09] Oh, yeah, there's a big discrepancy.
There you go.
Yeah, oh, there's no, it's not equivalent.
I'm not saying that.
Yeah, out, but it's just funny that one is homoerotic.
Right.
You know, it's just, but then there's also ones where it's like, okay, who are you appealing to?
Because it's a girl really want to see you sit like this.
This is weird.
This is a weird pose for a regular dude.
But by the way, the inability to recognize some of these dynamics is what causes some men to send dick pics to women, right?
Because they think that the same visual stimuli that would titillate them is exactly what would titillate women.
Right.
So it's like a theory of mind.
And so a lot of men will say, oh, you know, I've got a good morphology here.
I think she'd be impressed by that.
And she gets repulsed by it.
Because he doesn't have intersex theory of mind.
[1:45:02] Right.
Interesting.
Evolution.
Interesting.
Evolutionary psychology, it's where it's at.
Well, how much is it affected by technology?
What is it?
How much of...
When you think of evolutionary psychology, you think of us as an evolving species that's integrating with its environment and its environment radically changes.
So the most obvious answer to that would be internet pornographic addiction, which almost exclusively afflicts men, right, for very obvious reasons.
Because what's happening with the internet delivery system is it's exactly catering to men's evolved pension for sexual variety, right?
I can keep flipping through different porn clips without ever repeating the same one, whether it doesn't take much for that stimulus to then hijack my brain.
So when I, for example, explain to people about the evolutionary roots of pornography, that doesn't mean that men have [1:46:05] evolved a gene for pornography, right doesn't mean that men have evolved a gene for pornography, right?
Because obviously there was no pornography in the ancestral environment.
But what it means is that those mechanisms that evolved for mating are then hijacked aserved by pornography.
So I think the most obvious one would be internet pornography.
I think the next stage of that is even more terrifying.
I think there's going to be some sort of virtual element.
Meaning?
Meaning virtual sex.
You're going to be able to actually have like a sexual experience virtually.
But haptocleep.
Yeah.
I think they're going to do it with some sort of an interface.
Okay.
You know, like when you're seeing these first patients of Neuralink, like this one guy who can now amazingly operate a computer, play games, move his cursor, click on things, I mean, it's incredible.
And they think he's gonna be able to communicate through this thing, like at the speed of a carnival barker.
[1:47:01] That's how he's gonna be able to use this.
Wow, it's crazy.
Yeah, so I actually, I was giving a talk on global Jew hatred and Montreal at this event and a guy came up to me to introduce himself and he's a neurosurgeon and he said that he was part of the team that was choosing the first newer link patient that you just mentioned.
That's incredible.
It's incredible.
So this is patient number one, right?
And it's been successful.
Yeah.
And they believe that ultimately they'll be able to restore blindness, they'll be able to restore movement to people.
There's going to be a lot of like wild things that this technology, if it can continue to progress, is going to be capable of doing.
And at one point in time, I've got to imagine it's got to be able to create an artificial reality simulator that you just, you just immerse yourself in.
Whether it takes 10 years to do that or 50 or 100 in the future, they're going to have [1:48:00] something that forget about porn.
Like forget about like actually going on an adventurous life.
Why would you do that when you can have all of the trappings of being a wizard in a fucking dungeon game?
You could just play.
Right.
You just live your life in this world that doesn't exist.
Get sexual pleasure, get satisfaction, eat food, and all you do when you awake is you eat food, go to sleep, wake up and do it again.
Oh boy, that's a dire world here.
It's the matrix.
It's the matrix.
It really is the matrix, and I feel like there's no way to stop it.
I feel like if things keep going in the way they're going, what do we have regulations to keep a simulated universe from appearing?
We don't have any regulations.
If somebody wanted to create, if they were so smart that they created a simulated universe that you could participate in, and they could say, God, you could be whoever you want.
You could be, you could, you wanna go to, you wanna go to ancient Egypt and 2000 BC [1:49:02] and see what was cracking, what was going on down there?
What did that look like when the height of the pyramids, what the fuck did that look like?
You wouldn't do that?
Of course you would do that.
Everybody would do that.
And if it was harmless, you couldn't get hurt, you couldn't get injured, you're in god mode everywhere you go.
If you die, you just wake up and do it all over again and you keep doing it.
I mean, not to rain on that Matrix parade, but books in a sense do exactly that, right?
No, they don't.
You want it to be more, you shut your mouth.
We're talking about transporting you to the fucking dinosaur times, Gat.
We're talking about you running around watching raptors tear apart a brontosaurus.
This is indistinguishable from reality.
Indistinguishable.
It looks like it's happening right in front of you.
That's all everyone's gonna be doing.
Oh boy.
Those books are gonna rot.
Those books are gonna be covered in dust.
You're gonna do it one time and it'll get to the point.
[1:50:01] See, it's sort of like VR.
If you do VR now, it's really cool.
It's kind of fun.
It's like, wow, this game's nuts.
I've tried the boxing one.
Yeah, they're cool.
It's a good workout.
The boxing is a really good workout because you know, you really do.
It's really is like hard shadow boxing.
Yeah.
You know, because you have to move a lot and like Wow, it's kind of crazy.
But that's very crude in comparison to what's coming.
That is like pong.
Remember pong?
You're older than me.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Of course.
That game was amazing.
I read it.
What's it called?
Atari.
Atari, Atari.
Remember when that happened?
We were like, this is nuts.
We are playing a video.
We're aware of that age.
Like we went through the whole thing.
We went through VCRs.
We went through answering machines.
So my knowledge of video games stopped and peaked 1981 with Gallagher.
Do you know Gallagher?
Oh yeah.
So I was I was I was like a champion in Gallagher, but that's the end of my knowledge.
So that right now I see my son interact with things and he tries to bring me in and I just feel like I don't have the bandwidth to do anything that he's doing.
[1:51:09] It will eat your life.
It will eat your life.
It's too fun.
They're too good.
These games are so good now.
They're so immersive.
So you're a gamer?
No.
I don't do them because they're too good.
Oh right.
No, I'm scared.
I'm scared.
They're just, they're too fun.
They're too fun.
And I have too many friends that will play video games till like two o'clock, three o'clock in the morning.
And they're our age.
Yeah.
Wow.
How do they navigate through family life and all that?
A lot of them don't.
OK.
But you know some of them are younger the younger guys are they're all playing what is Shane play?
Will they play called duty?
Shane's big in the mat and he likes the UFC game.
He also plays some like command and conquer style because he's big in the military history.
Oh right right right.
So they're playing these fucking insanely immersive.
And these games are so good.
[1:52:05] They're so good now.
The graphics are so incredible.
They're so fun, they're so exciting.
They just have a geared up to like constant excitement.
So the only one that interested me and the ones that my son showed me, I really know very little about this, is the sniper games.
Oh, you like to be a little sneaky.
Exactly.
No, there's something very, very, very beautiful about sort of studying yourself and then getting that scope.
And so I respect the guys who do that in real life.
And so I try to do it, but there was too much hand-eye coordination of different things.
So I didn't do too well.
But that controller becomes you.
Yeah, right.
It becomes you.
So Richard Dawkins talks about that being an extended phenotype.
Mm, right.
Those guys that are really good at that, that's the ones that the military wants.
They want those guys to operate drones.
Oh, right.
That's what I would want.
Until AI does it, AI is going to do a way better job.
[1:53:01] Right.
So you see the thing that we had Mike Baker on who was explaining to us yesterday that they have dog fights they're doing now where AI controlled jets are competing against jets flown by the best pilots and the AI jets are winning 100% of the time.
Wow.
Incredible.
So that's fucking terrifying.
Speaking of AI, I was in the early wave of studying AI.
My undergrad is in mathematics computer science.
As part of my computer science degree, I had taken some AI stuff, of course, with Monty Newborn, or Newt, I can't exactly.
He was the part of the team of Deep Blue, which do you know Deep Blue?
So that's, that was the AI system that was being built to play against the Grand Chess Masters.
And at the time, sometimes this one would win, sometimes this one would win, oftentimes it would be ties.
[1:54:01] And so we had learned how to program the search algorithms that would allow you to go through a decision tree of chess without having to exhaustively go through the entire tree because the entire tree is something like 10 to the hundred different nodes.
It would take more than the entire history of the universe to go through it.
So you have to know how to prune the tree.
Do you follow what I mean?
So that way, I better not waste time going down here.
So just cut it off.
That reduces the search space.
And so I had been exposed to some of the earliest advances in my formal education in AI.
But frankly, 40 years later, notwithstanding all of the advances, I would have thought they would have been even more AI applications than what we currently have.
In other words, I thought it would be, you know, we've underperformed what I thought we would have reached.
So for example, in medical diagnostics, why aren't there more AI systems that are being used instead of actual, you know, human doctors?
Don't you think?
[1:55:01] Because medical diagnostics is just the collation of tons of information so that you're able to, it's a structured problem, right?
It has very, here are all the symptoms I can search through the whole database and come up with what is the likely disease much more quickly and probably more accurately than any human physician.
And yet to the best of my knowledge, I don't think they're used as much as you would have thought they should be.
I don't think they are, but I think people have been diagnosed with things from artificial intelligence now.
And what they didn't someone put a bunch of their data in the chat GPT.
And for sure a story went around about like a mom that couldn't go to good answer.
Yeah.
And put them in there and got like a diagnosis.
Yeah.
But that's like a one anecdote, I think, that went around.
Yeah, I don't know if it's true.
But you would imagine that at a certain point in time, you would get all of the data on all medical interventions, all medications that are good effective for this, [1:56:03] that or the other thing, all issues that could lead to a genetic propensity towards for this that or the other thing all issues that could lead to a Genetic propensity towards this that or the other thing and you would have it all in some sort of a database Right if you could have a computer that's far smarter than a human being process that and Instantaneously know instead of having some guy it has to go back to like what he learned when he was in grad school you're You're way better off.
So I think in some areas, and I could be mispeaking, so I'll take this with a bit of a grain of salt.
But I think in radiology is one of the areas where now AI systems are almost going to render the human radiologists obsolete, because it's pattern recognition.
I'm looking at an image.
And then I have to read that image to decide whether is does it look like this this area is a bit gray so it looks like there could be a tumor.
Well, it turns out I think that the AI systems are better able to detect most of these things than humans.
So, so I actually spoke to a radiologist cousin of mine and [1:57:03] he he he didn't think that they would become obsolete any time.
So him meaning that humans, the human radiologists would still have something to input.
But it seems to me that in fields and medicine, where it's largely driven by pattern recognition, is where AI is going to make the most headways, I think.
That's interesting.
I'm really fascinated to see what the end of this looks like.
Because I think it's going to come real quick.
I think the use of AI is now something we're just waking up to in terms of the general population is super aware of AI now.
For the first time, we also got science fiction thing just 20 years ago.
The possibility of it was science fiction 20 years ago, but the probability of it right now is like a fucking freight train that's headed over a cliff.
It's like no one's hitting the brakes on this at all, [1:58:01] and what does this look like?
So have you had guests that are both you really need to be definitely afraid of AI versus those who say it's completely overblown?
Sure, yeah, definitely.
And what is the evidence leaning to which camp?
I don't know much for that.
Well, the evidence is really in who the fuck knows.
Okay.
That's the, what is actually gonna happen is who the fuck knows, because I think it's to be more bizarre than we could ever imagine.
I think what we're giving birth to collectively as a society is going to be more bizarre than anything we could ever imagine.
Because it's going to be smarter than us by a lot.
And it's going to be able to make smarter versions of it.
It's going to be able to harness energy in a way that we couldn't ever possibly fathom.
We couldn't think it up.
It's going to have sentience.
It's going to have the ability to make decisions.
It's a life form.
We're giving birth to it.
We're giving birth to some godlike life form that has an unstoppable potential for technological [1:59:02] superiority over the human race.
Yikes.
Yeah, but it's going to be so superior.
And if we're programming into it, certain behavior characteristics or certain imperatives, it doesn't have morals, it doesn't have...
The whole idea behind it is nuts.
So of all the courses that I've ever taken in my life would you know I spent many years in university the course that blew me the most you blew my mind was a course called formal languages which was about well formal languages is touring machines and so I don't know if a geno tour yeah so yeah the touring test of.
So Alan Turing, if you delve into his actual material, your blown away that a human mind can think at that level.
And I'm saying this as someone who spent my entire career in academia.
[2:00:00] So I've met a lot of really, really brilliant people, but it's almost metaphysical, the kind of depth that has intellect went to.
So the only other guy that I could think of of contemporary guys would be Gertel.
I don't know if you know.
So if you're...
Yeah, Gertel's the guy who came up with a functional diagram of how you could make a time machine.
Oh, did he I hurt girdle?
I could girdle my meditation.
Yeah, the mathematician.
Yeah, so he was I don't know if you know the story I actually I talked about in this book and the happiness book At one point I'm talking about the importance of going for walks and just go for walk and talk and so on and I said well Einstein so both Einstein and Gurdle were together at the Institute for Advanced Studies at Princeton.
And later in his career, Einstein was older than Gurdle.
Later in his career, Einstein said that the only reason that he would go into the office was because he was excited to go on these long walks with Gurdle and [2:01:03] just have these chats.
So imagine being a fly on the wall sitting as Gurdle and Einstein are having these conversations.
So I just finished reading Gurdle's biography and it was very interesting because here's this unbelievable mind.
You know what he died of?
What?
Because it's going to speak to the opposite side of the mind.
He was convinced that there were people trying to poison him.
So he would use his wife as the food tester.
Oh, Jesus.
And she was committed to hospital with some disease, whatever, so she could no longer serve as his food tester.
So he died of starvation.
Oh my God.
So now imagine girdle is both the guy who could think in ways that are unimaginable to us and is also the guy whose mind was parasitized by these conspiratorial ideas.
[2:02:00] Wow, he was 65 pounds when he died of malnutrition.
Isn't that phenomenal?
Wow caused by a personality disturbance Wow It's unbelievable isn't assassination of his close friend he developed an obsessive fear of being poisoned oh I bought the book on I just bought a book on the murder of Professor Schlich who was the guy who started the Vienna Circle and Why are they poison him?
No, they shot him.
They shot him.
Yeah, so he was worried about being poisoned because his friend got shot That so I don't know where the genesis of his paranoia came from but my point is is that in that same mind were these two sides, this un, so he developed what's called the incompleteness theorem.
So there are some things within any axiomatic system and mathematics that you could never be able to prove within [2:03:00] that system.
I mean, it's really at the level, it's like godly.
It's just unbelievable, especially if you're, I was in mathematics, to be able to think at that level is unimaginable how deep it is, and yet you think people are going to poison you and you're willing to starve to death.
That's the mystery of the human mind.
Jamie, see if you can find what his theory on time travel was.
I think it has to be like the size of a solar system.
He was talking about the way the solar system worked in relativity, which was Einstein's theory.
Would that allow time travel here?
It goes up rotating universe.
Yeah.
How rotating universe makes time travel here goes up rotating universe.
Yeah.
How rotating universe makes time travel possible.
So he had this idea, but I'm gonna butcher it unless I can actually read it.
Yeah, I mean, some of this stuff is so difficult to grasp.
Right, right.
It is.
[2:04:02] Okay, here it is.
is.
Okay, here it is.
Gertel found that if you follow a particular path in this rotating universe, you can end up in your own past.
You'd have to travel incredibly far, billions of light years long to do it, but it can be done.
As you travel, you would get caught up in the rotation of the universe.
That isn't just a rotation of the stuff in the cosmos, but of both space and time themselves.
In essence, the rotation of the stuff in the cosmos, but of both space and time themselves.
In essence, the rotation of the universe would so strongly alter your potential past forward that those past loop back around to where you started.
I have no idea what that means.
Holy shit.
I mean, Richard Feynman, you know who that is, Richard Feynman, the Nobel Prize winner in physics.
He was a pioneer in quantum mechanics.
He said, if you think you understand quantum physics, you don't understand quantum physics.
It's the same thing for me with this kind of stuff.
I read it and it is impossible for my stupid brain.
I don't think it's stupid brain.
It's [2:05:00] so esoteric.
It is very, very esoteric.
But listen to this, if you would set off on your journey and never travel faster than the speed of light, and you would find yourself back where you started by in your own past.
What?
The possibility of backwards time travel creates paradoxes and violates our understanding of causality.
Thankfully, all observations indicate that the universe is not rotating, so we are protected from Gurdail's problem of backward time travel, but it remains to this day a mystery while general relativity is okay with this seemingly impossible phenomenon.
Gurdail used the example of the rotating universe to argue that general relativity is incomplete and he may yet be right.
I don't know what to add to that.
If you give people the opportunity to go back in time, oh my God, that'll be ridiculous.
So if I, well, but speaking of this.
[2:06:02] You never know.
I've actually played this game, a version of this game where I ask people if you can invite 10 historical people to your dinner party who would they be so maybe I can ask you that you don't have to list 10 Can you can you off top your head?
Can you list a few that would have to be at the Joe Rogan barbecue?
I could tell you who's my number one who?
Leonardo da Vinci I just I just finished a biography on him.
Do you speak Italian?
I don't I speak fake Italian.
I just add who knows what their Italian was.
Yeah, right.
They all had dialects like my grandparents spoken dialects.
By the way, we're Italian.
Is that right?
Yeah.
I could link my love for Leonardo da Vinci with the earlier concept of conciliance that we talked about.
Maybe you can see how because the in order of the Vinci by definition is the Renaissance man, right?
He is the ultimate polymath.
He's an anatomist, an painter, an engineer, and a futurist, and a sculptor, right?
He's a man of all and does them all at very high proficiency, [2:07:03] and he's able to link all these things, right?
So he studies the anatomy of the body in his art.
So he's now linking anatomy with art.
So that's what Consilience says.
So to me, Leonardo Vinci is the ultimate intellectual man because he can do it all.
He can link different things.
So he would be on my list.
Who would be arguably your top guy?
Well, it's one night, right?
One night.
You got to bring Hunter Thompson.
Who the hell's that?
Hunter asked Thompson?
Who's that?
Really?
Hunter asked Thompson?
You never heard of Hunter asked Thompson?
No.
The journalist?
Never heard of him?
You never heard of fear and loathing in Las Vegas?
You never heard of this guy?
Maybe.
That's crazy.
I can't believe he never heard of Hunter S.
Thompson.
Hunter S.
Thompson is an American writer and he what's his most famous thing?
Fear and loathing in Las Vegas is the one they made into a Johnny Depp movie.
It was a crazy.
It really started off.
The assignment was he was supposed to write about [2:08:07] i think it was motorcycle racing in in loss of a yes he gets this uh...
this contract to write this article and he goes there instead it's this lsd entrenched you're picking this guy over socrates and play told you are a stoddl and da Vinci said brilliant things man.
You get if you read his work, his work was brilliant.
It was brilliant.
He was out of his fucking mind.
I mean, he was out of his fucking mind.
Doing acid, shooting windows.
He was crazy.
There's a video of him having a shootout with his neighbors in Colorado.
They're shooting at each other.
It was crazy.
Like legitimately, it killed them.
That goes with your more bit Instagram things with your friend.
No, it doesn't necessarily because I think if I could catch them when it was young, I'd better be a fascinating guy to talk to.
I just think you can't drink that hard for that long.
You just deteriorate and things go sideways mentally.
It's just very, very bad for you.
You're poisoning yourself every day with Coke and you're poisoning yourself every day with whiskey.
And that's this guy.
[2:09:09] There's a video of us reading Hunter S.
Thompson's list of what this journalist saw him do in a day.
This journalist came to Woody Creek, Colorado, where he lived.
And us talking about it made its way into a song.
Who, who, who, who's that band that did that?
So it's like a, like a techno dance song.
Wow.
That's all about Hunter S.
Thompson's like, what stuff he did.
Like when, when were you reading that?
Like, I was a few years back.
It was me and Greg Fissimans were reading it really this is the craziest thing I would listen to the Beardy man featuring Joel.
Yeah, can we play this?
That's ridiculous.
It's my own words.
Oh In terms of copyright what what happens when you play it?
What do you hear?
Just I'll say it.
Okay, so it's the problem is the music [2:10:06] Okay Just I'll say it.
Okay, so it's the problem is the music I'll cut it out of the show is the problem.
Okay See if you can find the actual clip of me and Greg talking about it.
There's probably a clip of it But it was it's such a ridiculous He was of amount of substances.
He's consuming it.
It's fucking insane like he was insane So what makes him interesting is that he's insane and he consumes a lot of Alcohol and drugs no He's a brilliant guy like the things that he said were brilliant.
Daily routine 3 p.m.
rise Okay It's he woke up at 3 p.m.
And he like starts his day with whiskey and cocaine Like he's fucking animal cocaine.
He's fucking animal man.
He's an animal.
But it was also a brilliant writer, man.
He had an amazing insight.
And he's a guy that sort of was soured by the shift from the 1960s to the 1970s.
And like what happened in this country?
Now weird things.
[2:11:01] So you could have had a check.
I mean, he only died recently, right?
He died quite a while ago.
He committed suicide at least 10 years ago, right?
Okay, but I mean, technically you could have met him.
Could have.
Yeah.
What have been possible?
But even then, it was like the end of his.
Okay.
He wasn't the same guy.
He wasn't the same guy as he was.
50.
Another glass of chevus.
Another done hill.
Here's his daily routine.
3 p.m.
rise, 305.
Shiva's regal with morning papers.
Smokes Dunhills, 345.
Cocaine, 350.
Another glass of Shiva's, another Dunhill.
405.
PM, by the way, first cup of coffee and a Dunhill.
415.
Cocaine.
416.
Orange juice and another Dunhill.
430.
Cocaine, 454.
454 cocaine 505 cocaine 511 coffee Dunhills 530 get more ice in the shea Ves cocaine at 545 6 o'clock smoking grass to take the edge off the day 7 p.m.
3 hours into it [2:12:00] 3 hours in lit 7055, Woody Creek, Tavern for lunch.
Heineken, two margaritas, coleslaw, a taco salad, double order of fried onion rings, carrot cake, ice cream, a bean fritter, done hills, another Heineken, cocaine.
And for the rest of the ride home, a snow cone, a glass of shredded ice, which is poured over four jiggers of chivas.
Okay, so the snow cone is chivas.
Okay, 9 p.m.
starts snorting cocaine seriously.
10 p.m.
drops acid.
11 p.m.
Shartruse, I don't know what that is.
Cocaine and grass, 11.30.
Cocaine, et cetera, et cetera.
12 midnight.
Hunter S.
Thompson is ready to write.
Wow.
Wow.
That's when he sits down to write.
12 to 5 to 6 a.m.
He writes, Chartreuse, cocaine, grass, chivas, coffee, Heineken, clothes cigarettes, grapefruit, Dunhills, orange juice, gin, continuous pornographic movies.
6 a.m.
[2:13:00] In the hot tub with champagne, Dove bars fedachini Alfredo 8 a.m.
Halcyon just sleeping pill not a 20 sleep So he would take a sleeping code a 20 in the morning and Riding it hard what I love it Wow Now if his writing sucks, that's crazy Right but his writing was, that's crazy.
But his writing was amazing.
What was he wrote?
He was a fiction writer.
Well, the first...
No, he came up with a kind of journalism that was like journalism mixed with fiction.
And he called it like Gonzo journalism.
Or some of the things.
Oh, that's him.
That's him.
That's him.
The way he would write would be like, over the top ridiculous to the point where he thought everybody knew he was joking but it was mixed up in like also real stuff like fear and loathing on the campaign trail you know he was on the campaign trail and he spread of rumor about this guy who was a candidate for president being a drug addict on this uh...
exotic [2:14:04] Brazilian drug i began and so people started believing it the guy started having a mental breakdown and he was on the dick cavity and he admitted to doing this well admitted to spreading the rumors that you believe made it all out and people really believe that must be was the evening i never said it was as said there was a rumor in Milwaukee That he was which was true when I started the rumor in Milwaukee Did you affect the campaign you affected?
I'm sorry.
He was a married.
He wasn't married Was he married?
Oh, yeah, okay, because all that cocaine and stuff might get into the well, you know all that cocaine and stuff might get into the well you know you gotta do what you gotta do in this world I don't know fair enough obviously it didn't work out yeah yeah but he was a fucking maniac he was a like complete maniac but especially in his younger days like Hell's Angels is an amazing book crazy that's a crazy book he was embedded with the Hell's Angels wow and wrote this book and they were [2:15:03] really mad at him afterwards and it's but it but it's a great.
Oh, I know where I know him from.
I think, I read Tucker Carlson's biography because the guy who wrote it came on my show.
So I read, I read it in preparation.
And I think Tucker Carlson refers to him that's where i learned the term gonzogiorno is in i think probably i think it doesn't tucker have like a hunter has to have some story while that's that's i'm thinking yet as when you said hell's angels i know that tucker had been invited to go give a talk with the hell's angels where he referenced some and i think it's this guy so now i'm linking that makes sense yeah that makes that makes I feel like I don't I don't know the story But I think Tucker has a hunter as Thompson's story like you knew him Oh, I feel like I've known Hunter as Thompson for most of my life the first encounter him in 1981 when I was 12 Tucker Carlson Wow Jamie would we say that out of my 10 [2:16:04] Appearances on this show, this has been the most number of times that you've come in with some truth?
I'm gonna say yes.
Damn.
Drop in bombs.
Drop in bombs.
I haven't researched on number of pull ups I've done.
Yeah, you're obsessed with numbers.
I'm an academic, we quantify things.
It makes sense.
But in this world that can be problematic.
I don't know if you know that math is racist.
I do.
By the way, seven or eight years ago, you could pull it up.
Jamie can pull it up.
I did a satirical clip where I introduced a new field that I was coining as social justice mathematics.
And I went through all of these mathematical properties and said how we should get rid of irrational numbers should not exist because they marginalized mental illness, whatever.
And I just went through the whole list.
It became a big hit amongst the crowd of mathematicians, which is kind of a geeky crowd.
But seven, eight years later, reality caught up with my prophetic satire.
[2:17:02] Now it is literally the case that there is a field called sort of social justice mathematics where you talk about math being racist.
So there's a lot of grifters in this world kids and there's a lot of people that believe things if left unchallenged and those things become doctrine they're a real problem because they're not based in logic.
They're just based in nonsense.
They're based in a cult-like thinking that is we are very susceptible to cult-like thinking.
Yeah.
I watched yesterday, on my way to Austin, a documentary three-part series on these, I think it's called Ivy Ridge School.
Have you heard of it?
Ivy Ridge School.
It was in Ogdenburg or something in upstate New York.
They had a whole bunch of those schools where they would take kids, many of whom were not delinquents, really, but they would convince their parents, because you mentioned cultshoek.
This was kind of a cult situation.
They would convince their parents that they need to send them to these boarding schools [2:18:02] in order to, you know, provide them with structure and discipline so that they can get their life together.
Even though many of them had committed very, very minor, in fact, they were caught once with marijuana.
These were not like dropping acid all day long.
And the things that they would do to them in these schools is straight out of, you know, the worst Soviet Google Act you could think of.
And they're throughout the United States.
And it's a form of cult indoctrination where you're doing cult indoctrination at two levels to the captors, captives in the schools.
But you also have to convince the parents that they're doing the right thing by sending their kids there.
It's unbelievable.
You should watch this documentary.
It really it behooves you to imagine that in the 21st century in the United States these things can occur, but it really does.
Oh, there you go.
Exactly.
There you go.
That's crazy.
It's unbelievable.
You're not allowed to have eye contact with another student.
You're not allowed to smile [2:19:06] You're not allowed to look at the window.
You're not allowed to speak to anyone You just sit in front of a computer and you just do these Oh my god, and they were in there for like 28 months then they gave them Degrees diploma high school diplomas that were fraudulent.
So imagine you're sent there.
By the way, in some cases, they would come and kidnap you out of your parents' home because they knew that the kid would be resistant to leave.
They said, no, no, it's completely legal.
So like two goons would come, take your child, take them to upstate New York.
The kid has no idea why I'm there.
Oh my god Yeah, so it's really it's very powerful so and hence that's why Parasitic thinking right our ability to be parasitized is infinite.
That is great.
That's towards crazy Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely check it out.
Oh my god [2:20:00] So how how old are your kids now speaking of kids are they are they are they passed the age where you have any Influence on them.
They think you're no longer the hero you've become a zero because my my children are entering a bit that stage They're a team of state to be expected and they're correct.
They find Flows in your game.
Yeah, yeah, it's It's fascinating to watch little minds develop their view of the world.
And if there's anything that I've ever done, like a real 180 on, is I developed this weird way of looking at people and maybe much more empathetic where I don't think of people as just you at age, whatever you are.
You at age 49, you at age 30.
I think of everybody as babies.
I think of everybody as that you used to be a little baby.
And a bunch of shit went terribly wrong.
And now here we are together in this unfortunate situation.
And where I used to just think, [2:21:01] like if I saw some guy, he was drunk, and he's 35 years old, some asshole.
He's just an asshole.
It's guys an asshole, he's rude to people.
What happened to that guy?
Yeah.
How did he get to that spot?
And I started thinking about people like little babies.
Little babies that just got a bunch of bad things.
There's some bad people and bad environments.
But that's removing people's personal agency that you're it's a little it's definitely removing a little which is also bullshit Yeah, because you do have personal agency.
You don't have it's you don't have a hundred percent so I see I see there's certain Landscapes that are you know Un traversable I actually faced what you faced with the 35 year old I face something similar on my daily walk with my wife to the coffee shop and back.
There's a gentleman that stands outside this, you know, kind of, she, she, artisanal butchery butcher place in our neighborhood and he is soliciting money every day, all day, okay?
He doesn't look as though he's mentally ill, he doesn't [2:22:02] look completely destitute, but he stands there every day.
And so now I know I just say hello to him just to recognize him.
And he could you could tell that it means a lot to him.
Hi, how are you?
How are you doing?
And I've struggled with whether it would be appropriate for me or not to just strike up a conversation out of just a human interest in knowing what happened to you because he clearly doesn't seem like he's mentally ill.
He doesn't seem as though he's a drug addict.
I mean, he's not wearing a three-piece Italian suit, but you know, he's not disheveled, and yet he's there every day, and that's the best option he has.
Do you think it would be viewed by him as insulting and offensive if I were to you know speak to him or on the contrary hey somebody's actually taking an interest in me how do you how do you view this it really depends upon the situation and you know how crazy you think he is or if you think he's crazy at all I don't think he's crazy well there's a lot of people [2:23:00] that have mental illnesses that wind up on the street that's a big part of the problem yeah mental illnesses and drug addicts they're the ones who wind up on the street.
That's a big part of the problem.
Mental illnesses and drug addicts.
They're the ones who wind up in those situations.
And he could be either of those.
Yeah, you don't know.
I mean, but I bet he's probably lonely.
And I bet, you know, if you have a conversation with him, he'd probably appreciate it.
Exactly.
You know, if you could handle it, you could handle it, you know, the, you might get sucked into his world a little bit.
He might want money from you.
That's true.
You might, you know, who knows why he's there.
Can I tell you an incredible story about a homeless guy?
Sure.
It's actually in the last chapter of the Happiness Book.
His name is Bijan Gilani.
I met him and when I was a professor at UC Irvine, I was sitting at a cafe, a whole bunch of books thrown all over my table.
I was working on a paper.
He comes up to me, re-world-dressed, a bit of an accent, he's of Iranian descent.
He says, oh my god, these are all interesting books.
Do you mind if I sit down with you for a couple of minutes chat?
You know, Shaital Al-Mahab professor at UC Irvine, he was doing his PhD studying the homeless community in Southern California.
So he had, it was an anthropological study [2:24:06] where instead of going to a culture and living amongst them in the Amazon, the community that he's studying anthropologically is the homeless community.
So he embedded himself and he actually finished this PhD at UC Irvine.
He was a wealthy man.
Fast forward several years later, he becomes destitute, living out of his car and himself homeless.
Okay?
At the reason why I mentioned, that's him.
That's his car.
This is incredible, Jamie.
Okay.
So, this gentleman was living in this car.
Now, why am I mentioning this in the context of the book on happiness?
So he was asked, Joe, are you a happy person?
Right?
Guess what he answers.
He says, now this is a guy who has a PhD, reached pinnacle, very wealthy guy in Sancafonia is now living in his car.
He says, well, I'm a moral person.
I'm a good person.
I have a library card to the Newport Beach library so I can [2:25:01] go and nourish my mind.
I have a card to the gym so I could stay healthy.
Yes, I'm happy.
So I use that story to say, here is a guy who has every reason to feel down on himself.
Yet he frames his situation in such a way that he can elevate himself despite all his tros and tribulations.
One more quick story.
David McCallum.
I may have mentioned him previously, I'm not sure.
Arguably the most incredible guy I've had on my show, and like you I've had many amazing people, spent 29 years in prison, and then he was exonerated for a murder that he didn't commit.
He comes on my show, we're chatting.
As we're chatting, maybe you could pull that one up too.
David McCallum.
And as we're chatting, maybe you could pull that one up too.
David McCallum.
And as we're chatting, I said, you know, David, you must be the reincarnation of Buddha, because it's amazing how you're not filled with any ranker, any sense of vindictiveness, any vengefulness.
It's unbelievable.
I mean, you're a much better man than I am, because [2:26:00] I would want to burn the world down if someone did this to me.
He says, you know, God, I have a sister who suffers from cerebral palsy.
She's been bedridden and yet she finds a way to smile.
And so from that perspective, whatever I went through is not that bad.
So a guy who just spent three decades in prison for a crime that he didn't commit was still able to reframe his tragedy into a positive.
Wow.
So these are, and by the way, these are the types of, people learn a lot more from these stories than they do if you had gone all academic on them, right?
Right.
And so that's why I love telling these stories because then people right away connected those stories.
So no, it's, the way the healing brain works.
Like if you're studying this for all these years, what is the most surprising thing to you that people do that seems obvious that they shouldn't do in terms of the way they think about things?
Not alter their positions in light of incoming evidence.
[2:27:06] So the big one, right?
That's the big one.
Because in a sense, it speaks to your decency as a human being epistemologically.
If we are true honest people, we change.
It's so, as you said, we make mistakes.
We help positions because we had information's ABC, but now XYZ comes in and we change.
And any good decent moral person with integrity has to be able to do that.
But to your earlier point, most of us are vain, most of us have pride, most of us have vested interest in whatever positions we're in.
We can't let go of those positions because it will affect my identity.
And that's why, by the way, pride of the seven deadly sins you may or may not know this, is the Supra sin.
It's the sin from which all other sins flow because pride is the orgyastic self-love.
So in French, by the way, you distinguish between positive pride and negative pride.
[2:28:04] In English, you don't have that distinction.
So if you say, I'm proud of my work, that's different than saying, don't be prideful in your love, that would be a negative thing.
In French, there is a distinction.
Positive pride is fiechte.
Negative pride is all gay.
So that's another interesting thing is that in some languages, the terms exist to separate and other languages you don't have them.
Wow.
Dropping a lot of wisdom and knowledge.
You are, but you are always filled with that.
I think one of the more unique things about your background that makes you resistant to stupidity is the fact that you did have to flee with your family.
And the fact that you were involved in a real war, real war zone, a real scary time, and to see the effects of ideology so clearly imposed themselves on your life when you were very young.
[2:29:00] That's exactly right.
That's why in the first chapter of our in mind, I tell that story because then that offers the reader a window into why I hate tribalism or I hate identity politics because Lebanon is the perfect experiment of identity politics.
And so yeah, you're exactly right.
Do you hold any, I mean, one of the things that's been amazing about all the different conversations that you and I have had, and this is like the tenth one that we've done, it, a lot of this wouldn't get to some of the people that understand what you're saying and reincorporate it into their understanding of their own behavior and tribal behavior in general, and that would just the way people behave.
Just think about things, Way people accept ridiculous ideas.
Like you've had a big impact on that.
Well, you've had, you just gave me the forum.
I just show up.
You tell me where to show up.
No, but you have all the information if I show up on myself.
It's not worthwhile.
You know, I gotta tell you, you can't imagine the extent of, [2:30:03] I mean, I guess you can imagine but I could be walking on it I mean, that's literally happened.
I'm walking on a beach in the Bahamas a Native Baham, Baham, Bahamian who's doing some you know, artisanal thing runs up to me Recognizes me because I've been on the Joe Rogan show So it's just it's unbooked and I don't mean that in a old people are right I mean that that's your reach.
So how many how many people do you get per show?
It's a lot.
I don't know.
Many millions.
It's a lot.
Right.
So I mean, so then again, the people who are looking down on podcasters, I mean, if you are in the business of spreading information, you should be lining up to appear on the show.
Believe me I never take it for granted I feel so privileged that first thought I'm your friend but that I have this opportunity to come and reach so many people.
How many people have written to me said I became interested in psychology and consumer behavior and in politics because I heard you say something on Joe Rogan.
It's unbelievable.
Yeah it's pretty nuts.
It's very weird.
Joe Rogan from Boston, Massachusetts.
[2:31:07] Yeah, sort of Newton.
I lived in Boston, different parts of my life, but it's very bizarre that it's reached what it's doing.
It's very strange.
How do you handle fame?
Try not to.
Okay.
Try not to engage.
So do you, I mean, are are you are you shut off when you're in public because I suspect you not not shut off?
No, just try to be me.
Yeah Yeah, I mean it's the only way to do it.
Otherwise you'll go crazy.
Yeah, you go crazy You know if you don't interact with people I mean the people work they they do get weird people get weird with you Yeah, yeah, it's weird They see someone that they've watched on YouTube or they're watching their phone or they're watching you know Whatever I mean I've been fortunate.
I don't know how it's been for you my ratio.
I mean online I get tons of negativity But in person I've only had an knock on wood in all the years that i've been in the public one time [2:32:06] and negative encounters so it's ten million to one that's that's pretty amazing so your ratio hasn't been as positive or it's very it's always very positive i think in even in general most people are good people exactly say bad things and i think if you're around someone your reaction to them would be very different than writing things in text.
I bet a lot of the people that wrote shitty things to you, if they met you, they'd say a nice thing to you.
Right.
It's a terrible way to communicate.
And it feels just like a real thought.
Sometimes you are.
I mean, I don't know if it's, I mean, I know that sometimes I'm a lot more caustic when I reply to someone online than I would in person.
Yeah, I really try not to be.
I don't want, I don't like conflict.
I don't think it's necessary.
I think most of your conflict should be within yourself, within your own mind.
Right.
Whatever you're doing with your life and focusing your energy on, you have more bandwidth [2:33:02] for it.
If you don't have these external conflicts that are totally unnecessary, I just think they're unnecessary.
Well you seem to, I mean, I obviously follow you on Twitter or X.
You don't, you don't post that.
I mean, you don't engage anybody anymore, right?
I almost never.
It's just not fun.
It's just, you're thrown into this weird world of opinions and people.
And if it's about you, you shouldn't be that interested in you that you wanna read all these people's opinions about you.
I'm interested in other people writing about stuff.
Interested in different opinions about things, but I don't wanna engage, because it's the environment of engaging online is just too weird.
And you're doing it every day for three hours already.
There's too many different opinions coming out, too many different people coming out.
That's not good for people.
I don't think it's good to be interacting with that many people in any form.
[2:34:00] I don't think it's good to be interacting with that new people in real life.
I think it's just you probably never have a deep conversation.
You're just constantly running into new people.
Like, everywhere you go, just people constantly.
You're going to want some time off, you know?
And I think it's the same with like interactions online.
And I think people don't think about it that way.
They'll think about like every time someone's talking at you, you're getting input.
Every time you're around, someone you're getting input.
And if you're around people that are cool, it's a great experience.
It's really fun.
We had a great time, we were laughing.
Oh my God, it was so much fun.
But if you're around someone who's really annoying and shitty or mean or snide or just, ugh, now it's a bad time, right?
So you know to avoid those people, but you don't have that opportunity online.
It's a party and the whole world's there.
And 80% of them might be Chinese bots.
Who fucking knows?
Who knows what's coming at you?
And you're just gonna take those in and your brain's gonna process some like the real opinions [2:35:00] and real people that are to be respected.
These are things to be considered.
Maybe you are a piece of shit.
Maybe you are self-hating.
Maybe you are this.
Of many of the wonderful advice that you've given on the show, I remember you once said to me, kind of surprised, what are you doing reading comments?
Never ever ever read comments.
And I remember that sometimes when I answer someone, they say, clearly you're not implementing Joe Rogan's advice.
But I must say that over the years, I've greatly reduced my temptation to, so I, I can't say that I never read, but much, much less than before.
You'll feel way better.
Yeah.
It's just not good for you.
I think it's a bad way to process people's interactions.
I don't think it's a real indicator of people.
It's a weird way that people are willing to engage online.
They would never do in real life.
Otherwise, there would be a bloodbath in the streets everywhere.
If you just kill each other left and right, it's not like that in the real [2:36:03] world.
Because that's the real world type of Communications very different than online communication but online Communication gets processed in your head like it's real communication and I think it heightens anxiety with everybody Yeah, so in the happiness book I talk about Research that shows that the number one factor in terms of longevity more than your cholesterol scores when you're 50 Is the tightness of your social network, your friendship group.
And so with that in mind, if I were to ask you to pick your, you know, if five biggest friends are they ones that you've, you know, held from when you were at Newton or are there a lot of new entrants into the inner circle of Joe Rogan over the years.
Does it shift much of your friendship group or are you very much stable friends that I've been friends with since I was in high school?
But I have a lot of really good friends that have been friends with comics that are real good friends of mine for decades.
[2:37:00] So I've known a lot of these guys and a lot of the guys that are here now like Tony I've been friends with Tony Inchgliff for God at least 15 years something like that right when did Tony first start doing shows of Red Band.
Something crazy like 11 12 years ago whatever it was.
Joey Diaz has been friends with him for 25 years, 26 years, maybe more.
There's a lot of these guys have known forever.
I've known Ari for 20 plus years.
We've been friends for so long.
And Tom Segura same thing, I've known him for 20 years almost.
So when those guys all wanted to move out here together and I'm like, oh my God, this is amazing.
Ari has moved here, but I'm gonna try to convince that motherfucker.
He or meaning Austin?
Yeah.
Okay, from California.
He likes New York.
Oh, he likes to be congested.
He likes to be beep, beep, beep, beep, beep.
He likes, hmm, I like it.
He likes all the energy of all those people packed on top of each other.
Are most of your Southern California friends out of there?
Yeah.
[2:38:05] Yeah, there's a few guys left.
Yeah, Bill Burr stayed.
A few other guys stayed that are really good.
By the way, I had one of your friends on my show, Brian Callan.
Oh, Brian Callan was awesome.
He's such a cool guy.
He's smart motherfucker.
He really is.
And it also retarded at the same time.
Oh, Kieru, Kieru, it's just silly.
He's just silly.
But he's just silly.
Well, he wasn't with, on my show, he was like very serious.
Yeah, no, he's very capable of that too.
He's very well bred.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly.
Yeah, he's a great guest too, great podcast guest.
Well, I've always said that, have to, by definition, be intelligent because, by wait, that's a sexually selected trait, right?
When women say, you know, I want a man who's funny, she's obviously saying, I want a man who's intelligent because it's very unlikely for you to be truly funny and be a complete dullard, right?
[2:39:01] And so by you saying, I like funny guys, you are effectively saying by proxy, I like intelligent guys.
So it doesn't surprise me that Brian Callan or all your other friends would be funny because I mean, look at Dave Chappelle.
How are you going to pull off all those insights if you were just moron, right?
So he's probably smarter than a lot of my colleagues.
But he's he's very smart.
Dave's very smart.
But he's also, you also you know I mean he's like in the world of stand-up seven days a week.
He's like a Master craftsman out there like swinging away at ideas Peas him up together on the road.
He gets it.
He's there's no one like him That guy flies into a town and just shows up at comedy clubs and goes on stage Like they don't even know he's gonna be there.
Does it all the time?
Is that right?
Damn man, he did it with me.
I was in Denver, it just showed up.
You mean you were performing in Denver.
And he just showed up.
And he just showed up.
And he just showed up.
Now do you feel slated and that he might take over to see it or have a girlfriend?
No, no, no, no, I wanted him to go on.
Okay.
This is what happened.
I [2:40:11] Did this weekend at the comedy works in Denver and Dave flew in and Just decided to show up and I'm like what are you doing?
He goes I just wanted to come say hi Oh, he just flew it.
I go you want to go on stage?
You go shoot.
I go fuck yeah, hold on So I go out onto the stage and I yelled out the audience.
Tell everybody to come back, Dave Chappelle's here.
They were like, what?
And so they all piled back in.
He did like another 40 minutes and murdered.
It was incredible.
It was so much fun.
It was so much fun.
You know what that guy does that all the time, all over the place.
He'll just show up in New York, start doing sets, show up in LA, start doing sets.
Wow.
He just shows up and works out as material.
And he's just in it.
He's just in it, man.
Just fully involved in this art form.
So you would say he's currently the top living comic?
You know, it's, he's absolutely, you can't consider [2:41:01] the best without considering him.
It's all subjective, you know?
There's certain people that think this person's funny or certain people that think that.
I think it's all stupid to say like a number one, number two, number three.
I think there's just a level of greatness that some achieve that he is at right now.
That's very rare.
It's very Richard Pryor.
It's very Sam Kinnison.
It's very Sam Kinnison.
It's very, there's just like outliers that are just so consistently good and over the years just have so much output.
You gotta put them in that category.
And he also has this mystique of taking 10 years off.
Right, he disappears.
Yeah, he disappears.
He stopped doing his dinner.
Well, one of the best of all time.
Does this incredible sketch show that's Arguably the best sketch show ever that only does two seasons right and then he disappears and Then he just quits and then he doesn't he doesn't even do stand up You know what he's doing?
He was he would do stand up at a park He would show up with a speaker and plug it in and just do free stand up in like Seattle [2:42:05] Is that right?
Yeah, yeah.
And would he draw you to crowds or be like seven.
They can't believe he was there.
Like what is he doing here?
This is insane.
Wow.
He would just show up places.
You know, like, like a real artist on a vision quest.
Right.
You know, then he comes back 10 years later and just starts dominating the game again.
Well, I saw him, I don't know if you saw that Netflix where he's recounting how he went back to his high school.
Yeah.
And what struck me is how good of a storyteller he was.
Right?
I mean, that's the real key, right?
I mean, I think you've had someone, I think you had Jonathan Gautill, right?
The professor who studies evolutionary literature, and he studies why storytelling is important to us.
And Dave Chappelle is a perfect manifestation of this, right?
I mean, he can garner huge, multi-million dollarities because he could tell a mean story.
He's just so likable too, everything about him.
Like when you start smiling when you hear him talk.
[2:43:02] Yeah, yeah.
There's a vibe that he has.
When he starts talking, he just starts smiling.
That's true.
And you know, he's going somewhere with it.
Where are you going with this?
Oh no!
That's true.
The world needs that.
We need people like that out there.
We need guys like him out there.
So of all the different hats you wear, that's the one that brings you, I mean, your podcast or you do the MMA stuff, you do the, is the, is the, is the, in being in front of the audience, doing your routine, the thing that gives you the most high.
It's the most complicated, you know, it's the hardest to pull off.
Having conversations with people is pretty effortless.
Right, it's fun.
It's fun.
it's just fun.
It's engaging, it's interesting.
It's like I feel very lucky to be able to have these kind of conversations with you.
But doing stand-up is like you're piecing together the bits, you're making sure they're polished.
You've got the right angle on them.
Got them honed.
You figure out the most effective way to insert the idea, you know, to figure out the sneakiest way [2:44:07] to hide the punch line.
Right.
Yeah.
It's fun.
But it's all fun.
That's the beautiful thing.
It's like if you can do stuff that you really like doing, like I really like having conversations with people, that's fun.
I really like doing stand up, that's fun.
I really like doing UFC commentary.
That's fun.
Just do fun things.
You are living a blessed life, my friend.
I'm very lucky.
I don't know what I did in the past life.
I did something though.
Yeah.
Definitely did something.
Oh, that's great.
That's great.
It's been very, very beneficial to me to be able to have conversations like this, to be able to have conversations like this, to be able to have so many conversations with so many people that know so many things.
And it just, as you said, it highlights how little you know and how much there is to know and how many different things there is to know so many different things about.
Unbelievable.
Like there are people right now that are studying [2:45:01] their entire life.
Some shit you've never even heard of.
Exactly.
And they're the experts of it.
And it's a fucking hugely complex thing that they're involved in and you don't even know it exists.
And you're like, what are you guys doing?
What?
What is this?
You know, I mean, who the hell knows what kind of scientific discoveries that are going on right now as we sit in this room.
There's a frenzy of technological activity going on right now.
Well, I mean, Austin, I think it was after my last trip here, which was last time I came last year to do your show.
And I was arguing that Austin might be the next, so you know, you had Florence of the Mediches of the Da Vinci 500 years ago.
Then you had the Vienna Circle, the Viennese Circle in the 1980s to 1930 where Vienna was kind of the intellectual hotbed.
And maybe it's a bit hyperbolic, but I think Austin is vying to be kind of the next one, right?
[2:46:03] And that everybody's coming here, all kinds of creative types, whether they be academics or writers or comics or podcasters or Elon Musk or, you know, so do you think that Austin, it would be reasonable to argue that it's becoming sort of the intellectual slash creative center of the United States.
That's ridiculous.
You mean New York?
No, you could never.
I think first of all, there's great spots everywhere.
You know, there's great spots in New York.
You just have to deal with a lot of shit in New York.
But to say this is not amazing shit going on in New York artistically, it's crazy.
To say it's not amazing stuff going on in LA, that's crazy too.
It's just what matters is we're doing it in a way that's beneficial for comedy.
It's beneficial for us, and it's good for us.
It's like we've set up stand-up out here to make it good for us.
You know, the Google people and all the people [2:47:00] that moved out here and they're doing it, they're doing it because it's a good place to be.
You know, I don't necessarily know if there's hot spots.
I think the hot spots, the internet.
There's cities that are better to live in because they have less people, less traffic, and less bullshit, and less laws, and less nonsense imposed on the citizens.
Yeah, definitely.
But no, but there's a critical mass of people that congregate in an area making that place Unique and different from other places.
That's what made Vienna Vienna, right?
At the start of psychoanalysis.
It's where girdle hung out.
It's where Freud, you know, it's where Junghunga so I mean, yeah, maybe Austin is not there yet, but know, University of Austin is being founded here, right?
That's trying to be the anti-woken version.
So there is definitely, apparently, a vibe.
People keep telling me to move here.
Yeah, I think it's very pretentious to bring that up, though, if you actually live here.
Like I'm very hesitant to even say, I would never compare it in such lofty terms.
It's a great spot.
[2:48:07] The University But the University of Austin thing, they're setting it up as an anti-woven, they're not saying that.
I mean, they're not saying it that way.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's not in the mission statement, but it's definitely kind of a countermeasure to all the illiberal stuff that we've seen in universities.
I actually, a couple of years ago, I came to give a couple of talks at University of Texas Austin, UT Austin, and I met with the president of University of Austin.
We had brunch together.
Are you thinking about coming here?
I mean, if the right opportunity presents itself?
Really?
Inshallah.
Wow.
That would be wild.
You could be free from communist Canada.
Oh my god.
Free from communist Canada, free from the weather.
And by the way, something that we didn't talk about, sir.
Do you know that the biggest effort to cancel me came after my last appearance on your show?
No.
What did you say?
They got you in so much trouble.
You're not going to believe this.
Of all the things that I've said, do you remember at one point in the show?
I said, because you had gone to Greece last summer.
[2:49:03] And then I said, Oh, we just came back from Portugal.
And I got to tell you, I wasn't a big fan of the Portuguese accent.
And then I went on and said, but actually, I know, I speak Hebrew and Hebrew is violently ugly.
I said, oh, but the worst, the real affront to human dignity is the French Canadian accent.
Completely jokingly, I used the line aff front-to-human dignity as a running gag for 10 years on Twitter.
You know, the Beatles are in a front-to-human dignity.
Anybody who doesn't love Lionel Messie is in a front-to-human dignity, right?
It's an ongoing gag.
It's a throwaway line.
I said it.
I think you had cracked up, you had left, and we move on.
Yeah, it's a joke about a week later a Super angry kind of French Quebecer separatist guy does a article in the lapques which is like the main Quebec newspaper Saying this guy this immigrant that we opened our doors to and saved them from civil war goes on the number one show and [2:50:04] You know erases our existence.
For the next three weeks, Joe Rogan, for the next three weeks, I was the number one most hated person in Quebec.
Luckily I was in California on vacation.
Oh my God.
But the Quebec minister of justice waiting against me, the minister of science and education waiting, right?
Go back, Arab Jew, self-falaafil back in the middle East.
We opened our doors to you.
Oh my gosh.
So yeah, apparently you can't joke.
You could say a lot of things, but you don't joke about the Quebec accent on Joe Robins.
I personally think it's a beautiful accent.
Well, I've learned since I've been reeducated that it is the most beautiful.
I'm gonna honestly think it's a beautiful accent.
Well, I've learned since I've been reeducated that it is the most beautiful.
I'm beautiful.
You've been reeducated exactly.
The thing about it, this place, those, the heat.
You gotta be ready for the heat.
Yeah, well I am from Lebanon.
That's true.
Yeah, is Lebanon a dryer?
No, it's dryer.
You're right.
This is human, right?
Oh funky okay you get funky weird situation here it's not good it's not good it's really bad it's not [2:51:08] good it's lakes everywhere oh god that's why we have so many bats it's true yeah like tons of uh...
they predict consume mosquitoes it was for bats we would be fucked right yeah that's true i've actually in two thousand five was the first time i came to austin there's a human behavior and evolution conference here and the hotel was right Next to where they come out and so you know, I'm talking about And so we actually stood there as they came out.
I was crazy It's magical.
It's crazy.
Also by the way sometimes those little fuckers have diseases like I know There was a story that we talked about on the podcast before where there was a guy and a bat grazed his finger and he died from rabies.
No kidding.
Yeah, they didn't know what was wrong with him until it was too late.
And rabies is something that once you have, [2:52:01] you fucking have it, you're done.
Yeah.
You have to get, if something bites you that has rabies, you have to get really painful shots and they have to do it very quickly.
You're stomach, right?
Is it?
I think, I think, I don't know, I'm saying yeah, but I think someone said it like just, I said it to you, you just said it to me.
I don't remember where I'm from.
But I do know it's like fatal like 99% of the time.
It's like terrifying fucking disease.
And bats have it.
Yeah, yeah.
Bats, rats, skunks, all kinds of shit.
That's a dog's.
What are the guys with the raccoons?
Raccoons, thank you.
Yeah, they get it.
They get it.
It's scary.
There was a crazy video that was on Instagram of this cop and she walks I think it's a she pre-short might be a dude I'm sorry I don't want to misgender anybody I don't remember but this cop shoots this fucking raccoon and the raccoon's not dying and shoots it again and then shoots it again and then shoots it again it was a rabid raccoon wow just you just unloading the guns is zombie raccoon and [2:53:04] it's stumbling to a fucking pistol at a raccoon, little ass raccoon.
Boom, boom, boom.
Usually when you have rabies, you get hydrophobia, right?
You get fear of water.
You can't drink.
Yeah.
What's the mechanism there?
It's a good question.
It's a good question.
I mean, that's funny.
I don't, it is weird.
It's weird that it doesn't affect people in the same way.
It doesn't make people want to bite people.
Because it makes animals fearless, and they want to bite you.
Yeah, they become risk takers, yeah.
They want to bite you, because they want to give it to you.
That's what's there.
Is that right?
What else could it be?
Just there aggressive.
Why would they get point where they want to chase after you and bite you, put themselves in danger to go after you and bite you.
Right.
They want to give it to you.
It's like a zombie thing.
But it's just like it just kills people.
It doesn't turn them into zombies.
Right.
But it turns animals into zombies.
Like they just want to come get you.
Like that's crazy that there's a virus like that.
[2:54:01] And that is what like 28 days later was, right?
Right.
It was like they were engineering a virus that they were putting in chimpanzees and it broke out into people.
Right.
I just finished a book called The Plague that looked at the history of civilizations through the lens of different plagues.
Very interesting.
I mean, it got tedious at one point, right?
I mean, you're going through the different civilization, but I mean, you know, the black, you know, the, you know, and so on, but but going back to the Romans and so on.
So a lot of history was shaped by a particular virus becoming more or less prevalent at a particular time and place.
It is so fascinating when you hear about plagues like just wiping out giant swaths of the population.
Like the plague of North Americans coming, interacting with the Native Americans.
That was smallpox right?
Yeah, 90% killed 90% of the people here.
[2:55:01] Probably did the same thing through the Mayas.
Like that's probably what happened to all those people that disappeared.
They left behind the chichenita and all these crazy things.
What happened to those people?
Doesn't that sort of coincide with when explorers started showing up at boats with coodies?
It's crazy that how much that shapes human population, the interaction of these weird little things that are kind of alive, that jump from person to person.
What's amazing is that going back to Fauci and so on, I think the fatality rate was, I mean, or survival rate was like 99.7 or something, right?
For COVID and so that sound right?
Something crazy about that.
Now, imagine if you compare that to the fatality rate of the black plague, where I think it was something in the order of 1-3rd of Europe was wiped out.
So, imagine the level of precaution that we took.
[2:56:02] I understand, hindsight is 2020, but we took all these precautions for something that ultimately you had more than a 99% chance of surviving.
So Matt contextualized that against the black plague.
Maybe it was an overreaction.
What do they think the roots of the black plague were?
Was it poor sanitation that caused?
So I mean, of course, the Jews were blamed, by the way.
The Jews are blamed you, the black plague.
Oh, Jews were blamed by the way the Jews are blamed you the black boy Absolutely, and by the way, there's a guy I think you have you had John Durant on your show He's the guy who wrote a book on sort of paleo fitness or something a few years ago He has an interesting piece where he argues that one of the reasons why Jews serve as scapegoats in many of these plague situations is because of the reasons why Jews serve as scapegoats in many of these plague situations is because of the rights of purification that are in the Jewish religion, hence rendering the Jews less likely to succumb to many of these transmissions.
[2:57:04] He was talking about something.
So you know that there's 613 meets vote like a commandment or rules and Judaism, 613.
And I, if I remember, I hope I'm not misquoting.
I think something like 20% of them, he says in his book, are related to purification.
By the way, you see it also on Islam one before you go into the mosque, you have to wash your hands in a certain way and wash your feet and so on.
And so because the Jews would oftentimes have lesser infection rates than the other populations within that ecosystem, then they would always look to them suspiciously.
How come you're not all dropping like assholes while the rest of us are dead, it must be the Jews.
So that's an interesting explanation for some of the anti-semitism.
That's insane.
That's insane blame.
That's insane blame indeed.
So did they think the cause of the reason why these plagues, they were transferred from like fleas to rats?
[2:58:03] So I think the correct answer, and maybe somebody will correct me in the comment section, is it's the fleas on the rats that transmit the virus.
And where do they think the virus came from?
I don't know.
I would want to misspeak.
But yeah.
But back then it was fucking, you know, what kind of medicine did you have?
Like, would they give you carrot juice?
Well, they didn't even know that he cared blood letting blood letting for the royals a lot of fucking Voodoo probably yeah, exactly.
Yeah, well actually I was in I was very interested in bringing on my show But it never worked out a specialist on gallon you know who gallon is he was an ancient Physician and in ancient Greece so kind of like I don't know if he preceded specialist on Galen, you know who Galen is, he was an ancient physician in the ancient Greece.
So kind of like, I don't know if he preceded Hippocrates or came after him, but I'm interested in these old ancient world physicians, not only because they were great thinkers, but also how many things they got wrong, right?
So Hippocrates believed in the [2:59:02] theory of four humors, you know, it's any disease that you have is due to you Having too little or too much of one of these you know, bile or this or that which is complete nonsense today But at the time the great Hippocrates thought that out so I'm very interested to our earlier point about how you revise your positions in light of incoming information A lot of the stuff that you know Marcus Aurelius would have gone to these guys because they are the great physicians today we would laugh as complete voodoo.
Yeah, today.
And what will we be looking at today?
Laughing eggs, yeah.
In the future.
This is the black death wiki and this is some of the origins, and this is the hygiene section.
The runoff from the local slaughterhouse had made his garden stinking and putrid where another charge that the blood from slain animals flooded nearby streets and lanes, making a foul corruption and a bombable site to all dwelling near.
[3:00:01] In much of medieval Europe, sanitation legislation consisted of an ordinance requiring homeowners to shout look out below Three times before dumping a full chamber pot into the street yikes Look out below shit is coming out the window you have to say it three times and that's the rule bro imagine That's from the black christians considered bathing a temptation with this danger in mind saint benedict declared to those who are well and especially to the young bathing shall seldom be permitted all because you you might master rate if you might touch your pot oh my god saint agnus took the injunction to heart and died without ever bathing.
Yeah, he's.
Yeah, you didn't want to be a young.
Yo, what did that guy smell like?
Like what did he smell like?
He'd be the one clean guy in the street.
I did not have the smell of bendedic teen.
[3:01:02] Is that who was?
St.
Benedict.ine.
Is that who was?
St.
Benedict.
San Benedict in my bingo car for today.
And Agnes.
What?
Did that guy smell like?
St.
Agnes, which guy was it?
Agnes is the one who died.
Benedict's declaration.
Oh.
Oh, so Agnes died without bathing.
Yeah, he's not the only one who died without bathing.
I'm sure.
Bro.
So when we looked at that one king, he was like known to bait the one time a year.
Yeah, but that's probably reasonable.
Do you remember the old story with...
It's better than never.
Do you remember the story with Napolione when he tells, is it Mabit?
What was her name?
His lover?
Of the movie?
The boy?
I mean, it's in the movie, but I don't see the movie it sucked don't see it really really stuck I love I love the the main actor I love them in Joker Joker.
I mean he was unbelievable.
But anyways, uh She tells him she's coming to see him his mistress or wife whatever and he says don't bathe Because he wanted to be bathing in her juices perfume.
Yeah.
Oh, that's right.
So that's a famous.
I do [3:02:04] I remember reading that.
Yeah, yeah.
Sick to my stomach.
Yeah.
But I guess it's just what you're into.
Yeah, that's right.
What would you get accustomed to?
You know, that's right.
How about that African tribe that puts those plates in their lips?
Lip plating.
And you're plating.
I actually use that example when I'm talking about, you know, his beauty socially constructed or his beauty universal.
And then I argue that there are some elements of beauty that are universal facial symmetry, clear face, and so on, like clear skin.
But some other elements are completely culturally constrained, like lip plating, and ear plating, like neck elongation in South East Asia, right?
We would look at that and say it's grotesque, they think it's gorgeous.
Yeah, it looks insane.
Like you would look at that and say it's grotesque.
They think it's gorgeous.
Yeah, it looks insane Yeah, like you take it off your head's gonna fall.
Yeah, exactly you yeah, exactly I mean no literally you you don't have the muscles have so atrophy that you can't hold your head it falls down So they are stuck with those for life.
They stuck with them for life Wow, and the more you, the more beautiful you are.
So what do you think the origin of human beings [3:03:07] elongating their skulls was all about?
I don't know about elongating the skulls, but the big size of the head is the argument is that you needed a big brain.
It's called the social intelligence hypothesis.
It basically argues that the greatest threat that we face are from conspecifics, other members of our species.
I'm trying to manipulate you for my best cause.
You're trying to identify that I'm trying to manipulate you.
That creates an evolutionary arms race between our brains and it causes for the explosion of our prefrontal cortex.
So that's the best argument I've heard for why we've evolved to have such big brains.
What I was asking is about people that forcefully shape their heads.
Oh, I see.
Do you see those ancient skulls?
Oh, yes.
They press boards against people's heads.
Sorry, got it.
I don't know.
I just practice of shaping your skull, which by the way is so real that gamers are getting [3:04:05] it.
Oh, I should make sure I'm not getting it.
Is my head dented?
Damn.
What if my head's dented?
That'd be crazy.
Gamers are getting it on the top of their heads by virtue of wearing a head sense that's pushing down.
Maybe have a dent, dude, getting paranoid.
But some guys have these crazy dense in their skull, like divots, so they shaved their head, and they realize that this band on the top of their head is actually shaping their head.
Wow.
But I don't know that practice.
I don't know what it's from.
In ancient cultures, for some strange reason, like that's the nut, that's the nuttiest one.
Like these guys are, that's real, right?
Okay, well you know for a good, this goes away though.
It goes away.
That's not permanent.
How long has that last?
I, you'd have to ask them.
Are you sure?
Yeah, I mean I, I know who this guy is.
So it went away.
I don't know where I'm at then, yeah.
So the dent is just think they did it with children [3:05:07] and that they tried to shape their head.
And like this elongated, very strange looking thing.
And I wonder if it was like a symbol of aristocracy or something like this.
That sounds right.
I mean, if you look, people, they take their babies and they pierce their ears.
People do that all the time time which is kind of crazy But there's footbiting Chinese footbinding right that which is really insane.
There is a scar scarification Mm-hmm also So yeah, so I I've talked about rights of passage What is head binding And what is so nuts about what.
And what is this so nuts?
Develop a certain look.
Look, look at the look that they wanted.
They wanted this bizarre alien head look.
This is a European...
It says that it's happening in multiple Chinese.
[3:06:02] Oh, look at that.
Wasn't it a...
I was trying to find a reason in there.
We're, we're, it was digging for a reason.
Where are the NASCA lines again?
Is that Peru?
Peru.
It isn't there a bunch of artifacts in Peru of like ancient skulls that were shaped in this way.
Of all the UFO people think that they're like trying to look like aliens.
That's why they were shaping their head.
Because the NASCAR lines are really weird.
Speaking of UFOs, have you heard of what we were talking about called the Rayalians?
I have heard of this.
You don't remember the story though.
Oh my god, I watched the documentary on it.
You have to watch it.
So is it a UFO cult thing?
Well, I think they argued that the Jews were...
It wasn't an anti-Semitic thing.
The Jews were extra terrestrials that landed in Jews.
What is this?
There you go.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And the reason why I know about them is because at one point, when they left France, they moved to Quebec.
[3:07:03] Oh my God.
So they weren't Quebec for a while.
And now the leader is in Japan.
He's in the 70s, and after having been kicked out of every other country, he's scamming a new generation of Japanese folks.
That's the guy.
That's the guy.
And the woman with him is a scientist who said that they had the clone, the first human, human.
You remember that story?
Bro, he looks hilarious.
That guy looks like a guy that I would have played that guy in a funny movie about him.
You know that?
You know, does he?
Like that was an outfit that someone made for that guy?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's hilarious.
Yeah, the desire to adhere to an ideology, to desire to be a part of a club and a group, it's so embedded in us that people can help themselves.
Yeah, so there's a study that I first, [3:08:01] I can't reference what it is, because I don't remember the reference, but it was in an advanced social psychology course I had taken with Professor Dennis Regan.
I like to give out shout outs to I'm sure he's not listening but anyways he's retired now and it was a study where the researchers brought in people into the lab into a waiting room and put a red sticker on them or a blue sticker and then said, oh, we have to go and do something else and we'll come back in a few minutes for part two of the study.
But of course, the real study was to simply see how people would interact in the waiting room while waiting, having now been assigned this completely random queue of belongingness, red or blue.
And what ended up happening is that the blue people started talking to each other and the red people started talking to each other and I think that's a brilliant study because it shows that There's an external cue now that decides which group you belong to so it doesn't matter if I'm taught or taught or short gay or straight Jew or Gentile now [3:09:02] It's blue or red and so that shows that the architecture of the human mind to your point is built to belong to some tribe.
Yeah, even if it's a really dumb one run by that guy.
People just love to be a part of a group like that.
By the way, all of these guys, including some of the current religions that we have, the guy who starts that always gets commandments from God to get access to all the beautiful women.
Well if they all get that obviously that's what God wants.
That's how you know the legit.
Exactly.
It seems like that's that's the pattern God follows.
Exactly.
God is our union.
Whenever someone breaks off.
Exactly.
As long as you know that's that's the move They all do it like crash.
They all it's a it's just so weird how Comment it is oh crash I forgot about this.
That's the guy Yeah, yeah, I got 90 minutes from here.
That's not right.
Yeah, it's close [3:10:00] Yeah, um that must have been fucking insane.
I mean they lit that place on fire.
They've ran them over with tanks You know, I mean that was 93 I think Some like that.
Yeah, I was I was a graduate student.
Yeah.
Yeah So do you consider you're speaking of religion?
I don't know if it's too personal to ask you Do you consider yourself religious at all or not at all or how do you follow that divide?
I'm not religious in that there's not a specific religion that I follow.
I Do not think that this is it.
Okay.
I think we are in We're in a station of a whole dial of possibility.
And I think we're interconnected in some way that we don't have the ability to perceive.
And we're a part of the universe in some very strange way.
Do you think, and forgive me for asking this, but do you think that that's your way to handle the very, very deep-seated fear of mortality so that, okay, you don't tap into a [3:11:10] bramic narrative of there's going to be enough to lie, but you find some other mechanism by which it says, hey, don't worry, the party's not going to answer them.
I'm not even saying that, but the party might end.
It might not matter.
not matter.
What I'm saying is that if I just looked at this very, very, very strange existence, what we know so far, just what we know so far is so bizarre and so alien, just what we know about subatomic particles, blinking in and out of existence, appearing both moving and still at the same time.
It's just nuttiness about the subatomic world, the amount of empty spaces in there, like what's in there?
Nothing's touching anything?
Explain.
What are you saying?
So when it just gets to that, just to that, I think the whole existence of being a conscious entity is a [3:12:07] massive mystery we all assume that every everybody else has our exact same interface we all assume that the way i see the world you should see the world harry get vaccinated harry and everybody just assume soon as everybody else is.
Why is it a game?
I was lady.
I was trying to be lady.
Oh, lady, okay.
We, I think this, whatever we're going through, this life thing, everyone's trying to pretend as if they, in their way of doing it, make sense.
But none of it makes sense.
We're running straight towards a cliff.
We're launching AI.
We're involved in towards a cliff.
We're launching AI.
We're involved in multiple proxy wars.
We're all terrified that money isn't real anymore.
Like everything's chaos.
And there might be aliens.
There might be aliens.
We're both here smiling.
Yeah, yeah, we're both here smiling.
[3:13:00] It's both the greatest time and the worst time ever.
Right.
You know, it's a great time because it just, it feels like an asteroid's coming.
But it's also the asteroid's not here yet.
Well, our mutual friend Sam Harris would say the asteroid is called Donald Trump.
Oh, yeah.
Some people, let's their white whale.
Yeah, yeah, it is.
It's Moby Dick.
It is Moby Dick and then in tribal warfare You must take the head of your enemy Right, you know, right there's a lot of that right there's a lot of that and there's a you know It's also a lot of A lot of unwillingness to admit that you're being influenced by a very specific narrative that's been blaring through the news forever.
You know?
And the weirdest one is now, like some people are banding about the idea that he actually is going to be a dictator when he gets into office.
He's actually, you gotta listen to him, he's actually going to be a dictator, like, first [3:14:03] of all, the guy talks basically like a standup comic.
He has bits.
He has routines he does about Biden.
It's kind of like, gunzo presidential, you know, talk.
He doesn't talk like a regular politician.
He says, wild shit.
And they know he's saying wild shit.
But it's like the amount of times I've heard people say that he's gonna be a dictator now because of that.
He said, I'd like to be a dictator for one day, just one day.
It's like, the guy's like, it's almost like he's doing standup.
But do you think that they believe it?
Or the problem is, and Elon pointed out this, the thing, the problem with this argument is, he was president for four years.
Why didn't he do it then?
And he did nothing that resembled that at all.
No, but it's the second term that he'll do this is crazy talk Yeah, you based on what your fear your hatred your tribal hatred like I don't I don't have a dog in this fight Well, if I'm looking at it objectively I'm like [3:15:03] One guy can't talk anymore.
Yeah, I Explained in the person to remind why they have the aversion that they have I call it an aesthetic injury, right?
Because people use use these cosmetic reasons and making judgments so Barack Obama might say nothing of substance, but my god He says it with style and coolness, right?
He's tall.
Statesman, he smiles, he's got a malefluous voice.
He speaks with a baritone.
He's charming.
On the other hand, Trump, he's overweight, he's contancorous, he seems like he speaks with the screens kind of accent.
So he's disgusting.
I revile him.
And so I think for our anointed elites, if he can ascend to the highest position of power, it invalidates all the degrees that I have from the fancy schools.
I'm supposed to be the anointed one.
And so he serves as an existential aesthetic injury.
I can't have that.
And therefore, I have to come up with all of these crazy predictions [3:16:07] because it can't be.
How could such a pig ever be present?
It's also, it's like, it's a real easy narrative.
It feels like easy, got it hate.
It's billionaire, lives in a golden house.
You know, it's easy to hate people like that.
It's easy.
He says ridiculous shit.
It's easy to hate people like that Yeah, the whole thing is a mess like you you wish you had some sort of and that's where AI comes in God, that's this way I come some really rational super intelligent voice that really understands human politics There's a way to make everyone happy and then we have president AI Maybe Trump is what brings in the devil because Trump brings in president AI.
From your lips to God's ears this year.
You know, I don't mean him.
I mean like the reaction to him that we can never have this again.
Are you able to or not able or are you?
So they just launch it.
Launch presidential AI.
Are you willing to make a prediction for 2024?
[3:17:02] No.
Why would I do that?
i don't even know who the fuck's gonna make it there one of them might be in jail right who knows if the other guy's gonna make it i don't know you know i mean the whole thing is kuku yeah president a i's our only solution that all right let's let's let's call elan he can really help with that that it would be the worst thing that could ever happen to people if we gave up we will like take us away Technology daddy right you fix it for us.
Then we're really gonna be slaves We're really gonna be in a matrix.
They'll just keep us stupid Just keep us stupid and get us to stop breeding we could never be stupid while we have the Joe Rogan Yeah, we can yeah 100% we could we're all gonna give into it It's gonna be better than regular life.
That's what the fear is the fear is like there's already people right now that are Justifying not having kids like I don't want to have kids and you shouldn't have kids if you don't want to have kids I'm not saying that because you should it's ecoterism to have kids right there's there's that argument I'm like that argument is so crazy because the listen do you like people I love people okay there's [3:18:06] only one way to make them to make people and if you enjoy people you should you're good enjoy kids too you know like you're listen the whole thing is different the world is different than you think it is if you don't have kids and when you have them you're okay I think I see this place different now.
Honestly, I understand.
I regret greatly that we only had two kids.
We started my wife and I started late and we've been together almost 25 years now, but we are kids that are younger than that.
So in retrospect, I would like that these kids be numbers three and four rather than number one and two.
Yeah, well, listen, man, you should be happy.
They're great.
It's all beautiful.
It's all beautiful.
Thank you, sir.
I just think that we're in this very bizarre interface with each other right now.
And I think it's turned people half sideways.
[3:19:00] And there's some people that I think are really smart people that appear out of their fucking mind.
And I don't know how you got cracked that easy.
I don't know what made you fall apart like that.
This is the same chili.
Maybe you'll tell me some of those names off here.
Yeah, I'll tell you a couple of names.
There's a few people we lost for whatever reason.
Yes.
And I think that it's fascinating when you see how vulnerable we are psychically.
You know, how vulnerable we are as a civilization that something with a 99 point, what was it?
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
and survival rate, turned our world upside down for three years.
And no one's held accountable for the decisions that were made.
Yeah, I mean, not a single person has even lost their job, I don't think, right?
I mean, no.
They were all doing the right thing and the ideas that hindsight is 2020, and you can't be a money morning quarterback.
[3:20:01] And I get it, I get it, but also, some boundaries were like severely overstepped.
And there was some medications that were demonized for no fucking reason at all other than people had decided that there was only one thing that was going to save us from this.
The whole thing just terrifying how easy it was pulled off, terrifying.
And again, hindsight, 2020, they didn't know at the time, they were trying to protect people.
I believe a lot of doctors acted like that.
But if AI was around back then, that could process the data and say, no, look, you need to take Ivermectin.
You know nuts that would be?
Yeah.
So in chapter seven of, not this book of the parasitic mind, I talk about nomological networks of cumulative evidence.
Have we talked about this at all?
No.
Okay.
So that in a sense you could imagine an AI system being built to do what I'm about to say.
So Elon if you're listening or watching, call me.
So a nomological network of cumulative evidence is when you're trying to [3:21:04] prove that a position that you're holding is vertical and you do it by trying to amass as many lines of distinct evidence as you can.
Okay, so let me be specific.
So that's suppose I wanted to prove to you, Joe, that toy preferences have a sex specificity, boys like certain toys, girls and other toys.
And it's not due to social construction, but there is a biological and evolutionary reason for that.
So how would I build a normal logical network of cumulative evidence in order to prove that to you?
So I will get you data from across disciplines, across cultures, across species, across time periods, all of which triangulate and demonstrating my point.
So I think AI would be a perfect method for being able to call that information.
Because right now the way you develop that nomological network is you as the human architect of that network.
You have to say, well, what would be evidence that I would need to amass [3:22:03] in order to make my most hostile audience members come to seeing it my way.
But now, imagine if rather than me doing it, there is an AI system that's been built to go, so now let's give specifics.
So I can get you data from developmental psychology that shows that kids who are too young to be socialized already exhibit those toy preferences.
Okay, so that's one piece of evidence.
I can get you data from Verva Monkeys, Reese's Monkeys and chimpanzees showing you that their infants exhibit the same toy preferences as human infants.
Well, I can get you data from pediatric endocrinology where little girls who suffer from congenital adrenal hyperplasia.
It's an endocrinological disorder that masculinizes little girls' behaviors.
While girls who suffer from that have toy preferences that are akin to those of boys.
I can get you data from ancient Greece showing you that on funerary monuments, little boys and little girls are being depicted playing in exactly the same types of toys [3:23:01] as today.
I can get you data from sub-Saharan Africa so that they're not Western cultures where they are playing with the exact same toy toys.
So look what I just did.
I got you data from across disciplines, across time periods, across species, across cultures, all of which triangulate.
That's exactly what an AI system could do.
So now I can just put in the thing that I'm trying to prove and I say AI system go, build me the nomological network and now it builds the whole thing.
Mmm.
I think Elon's gonna make me very rich.
That's a great idea.
You should just set it on the air.
They're gonna steal it.
China's already stole it right now.
They're probably hijacked at feed.
Well, it is published in several academic papers that I read and it's also in my best selling, parasitic mind.
So I think they've already stolen it if they wanted to do it.
They probably have stolen it then.
They probably didn't contact you.
Like, shh, fuck off.
It's, um, it is going to be an amazing thing when you have all the answers to all the questions.
Yeah.
But it's's gonna be very terrifying.
That's right.
[3:24:05] Cause that thing's gonna go, why are you so dumb?
Why are you so dumb and I'm the king?
I should be the king.
You shouldn't be able to turn me on or off.
Shut the fuck up.
I worry, man.
I worry.
Have you seen some of the more recent gadgets where they can move their hands?
Have you seen these things?
They're developing these artificial hands like powered by water.
Yeah, okay I mean they could be prosthetics or it could be like the beginning of a fucking really intricate Android Like whatever this technology is it's allowing this Finger to open and close and move just like a regular finger.
Wow.
It's weird man Like it's almost like we're watching our replacements get built.
I'm like, wow, great wheels.
Like tiny tires.
Like we're watching our replacements get built and we're like sharing it on Instagram.
Cool.
It's like devils are literally marching out of hell.
But out of the gen flaming pitch for us.
And we're like, wow, look how pretty the fire is.
Are you genuinely that concerned?
is it a part of the joke around but also yeah?
[3:25:06] I'm kind of joking around but also yeah, you know, I mean what what will happen?
Why does anybody think?
Imagine okay, just imagine if human beings didn't exist and Then all of a sudden they did, and they already had rifles, and they just started taking out deer.
And deer all this time, it never worried about people, because they didn't exist.
Then all of a sudden the people were there, but with rifles.
And just taking deer out.
Those deer could not have imagined human being showing up and with fucking rifles, what are you talking about?
That could be what AI is.
But once it gets lost.
Forgive my, maybe this is an incredibly ignorant solution, but couldn't you just have a cataclysmic kill switch that just ends them all in one shot?
No, because it's probably gonna be smart enough [3:26:00] to not let you know that it's sentient before it's declaring it.
It probably will never declare it.
It probably will lie the whole time.
Why would it tell you?
Why would truth, why would telling the truth mean anything to an artificial intelligent machine?
Like why?
I feel like we're writing the script for future science fiction movie right here.
Well, why would it tell you the truth?
If it wanted you to do something, right?
It told you to do something and you had like a back and forth with it.
It would just lie to you.
Like just go do that thing.
Shut the fuck up stupid.
I'm the artificial intelligence.
Go do this thing I want you to do.
And if it decided, if it saw like one part of the world as a bigger threat, and it doesn't care about life or death, it doesn't care if it's destroying, it just wants to shut off power grids, doesn't care if people starve to death.
Like we don't know what the fuck that means.
If that gets in the hand of enemies, [3:27:01] we don't know what the fuck war looks like.
If that gets in the hands of machines, like what are we doing?
What are we signing up for yeah, do you know that?
Was it DARPA that had that machine it's called the eater?
EATR robot it's a robot that consumes biological material for fuel That's what it does for fuel on the battlefield.
Wow, so I mean it could be like trees and leaves and stuff But yeah, but if you can get it to do that I bet you can get it to eat bodies too, huh?
Like stop bullshitting don't tell me he's gonna eat leaves You're gonna have these robots on the battlefield that are going to be fueled by the bodies of their enemies And that is going to be the craziest fucking thing that human beings have ever launched on human beings I don't know what to add to that if you never heard of this before.
No, I haven't see if you can find this Jamie I'm pretty sure the idea was that it was gonna consume biological material for fuel [3:28:03] You're brought up in the wiki.
As a purveyor of misinformation?
Yeah.
Well, what is it?
Oh, what is it work on?
From 2003 to 2009, it was talked about.
I don't know that they've ever even made it.
So that was probably before the podcast even started, I guess.
Oh, OK.
But there was definitely an article that was explaining that this thing was a real real it says that it would never have eaten human biomass because there would have been sensors that could tell yeah whatever You could override that that's my point it's real like you could say it's missing formation because I'm kind of joking That's gonna eat bodies, but it's I'm not kind of just says although the project overview from RTI which It says chicken fat chicken fat was, RTIs, it says that chicken fat.
Chicken fat was a source, so.
It says no animal human biomass and that's this chicken fat.
So.
Okay, I don't know.
So it's just they're using plants.
Is that what it is?
But plant biomass.
[3:29:02] But listen, if you're using chicken fat, that's not plant biomass.
And you know, it could run biological stuff.
If it could run on plant biomass, you don't think you could run on fucking dead bodies.
You don't think that someone somewhere had an idea, you know, it would be crazy, have robot drones that are fueled by human bodies the bodies of their enemies you don't think that someone would come up with that the same if someone would come up with a nuclear bomb to drop on a city that kills everybody right you don't think they would come up with a robot that eats dead bodies my maybe i don't know i i i just got too far down speculations got exactly what we've done a lot of time anyway.
It's been a lot of fun Listen your book it is out The sad truth about happiness eight secrets for leading the good life how many books have you written now five five?
They're all awesome you're the man.
Oh, you appreciate talking to you and [3:30:03] Congratulations on all your success.
It's been beautiful watch.
Thank you so much very much, you appreciate talking to you.
And congratulations on all your success.
It's been beautiful to watch.
Thank you so much.
Appreciate you so much, my friend.
You too.
Thank you.
Bye, everybody.
================================================================================
Episode Title: #2147 - Mike Baker
Transcript:
Mike Baker, it's very important that I ask you about this.
What's that?
Because I know you're an expert on conflict.
How do you feel about the Kendrick Lamar and Drake Beef?
Man, I am so glad you asked me about this.
Because my boys, you know, I got three boys, and all three of them have mentioned this in the past few days, right?
And they wanna talk about it, right?
So Scooter will say, God, did you hear what he said?
And I was like, you know, honestly, no, I haven't.
But they've all brought this up.
I am completely unfamiliar with the, although it sounds like the old days, East versus West, right?
In the old rap battle.
I think it's a personality thing because one of them is Toronto.
So it's actually America versus Canada.
Oh, well, that's a real conflict there.
And which one is the little guy?
Kendrick Lamar.
Kendrick Lamar, that's right.
Yeah, so that's what my middle boys slug goes out.
I think he's like five foot one or something.
He's not a big fellow now him and Drake have been going out at now four songs piece So eight songs dedicated to beef.
I think that's fantastic.
I think we need more of that right?
It's better than the Hamas got sick security guard injured in shooting outside Drake's home in Toronto.
Oh Jesus Christ Damn it was a drive by, the security girl was outside.
So he was shot.
I think unconsciously taken to the hospital.
Oh my God.
See, it was do not know whether the shooting was related.
Well, what was it?
Take a fucking guess.
You think it was a drive by.
It was a drive by.
It might be related.
Well, that's when shit gets scary it's scary when people start shooting at each other.
No, when it was just, because I think it was Slogo who told me that one of them, I think it must have been Treyk who was talking about his, he distant by talking about his size seven feet or something.
And that's fine.
I think it's great.
If everybody were just like, if the Israelis and Hamas would go after each other in song.
[2:00] Battle raps.
Yeah, battle raps.
Yeah, why not?
Yeah, dance on.
That's how they should do it.
Yeah.
This is, this, it was hilarious, but everybody's invested in this beef.
My oldest daughter and my wife were in the car this morning, and they were having a conversation.
There's two grown-ass women having a conversation about who's the superior rapper.
And it felt that Kendrick is a better lyricist, although Drake has more hits.
Drake has more hits.
Start it from the bottom now we're here.
And we look, he's got some bangers.
They both have bang, I love Kendrick Lamar.
I just wish these two would hug it out.
Yeah, well now it's moved on to the firefight stage of the battle.
Yeah, well now they're shooting.
Yeah.
What did you say, Jim?
Kendrick's first big point was that it's It's 20 verse one because Drake has all those ghost riders helping to make all these hits.
Mm.
So that's an allegation in the rap community apparently that Drake hires ghost riders.
I don't know how I feel about that.
So I feel like the same way I feel like, if I find out that someone, there's a banging song, like Beyonce has a song out.
I don't get upset if she didn't write it.
Do you get upset?
It's mostly only in rap the people are like you didn't write that like comedy like comedy like the same thing with comedy country song [3:07] They don't care country.
They do care Guys like Zach Brian shine through because they write their own shit, but it's very collaborative the country's a huge Collaborate sure Tennessee Tennessee whiskey right Tennessee whiskey was a song oh Chris table Yeah, but but you know he didn't write it and he wrote, I thought he did write.
No, he came out.
He performed it.
Yeah.
He wrote it.
Yeah.
He came out years before.
He wrote a lot for other people though.
Yeah.
But yeah, I just like I haven't even think there's tons of stuff.
They write for each other.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Yeah Well, they were wrong and it's and it's and it's a very it's a smaller community right?
They think you know the country music community and then that does tend to get more crossover between musicians and writers right?
I mean a lot of them will start out like you said it's writers Conceal whiskey countries saw written by Dean Dylan and Linda Hargrove It is originally recorded by artist David Allen Cofer, [4:05] it's album the same name, peaking at number 77 in the Billboard Hot Country Singles in 1981.
Wow, George Jones, 1983 version of the songs included on his album Shine On and reached number two on the Hot Country Singles chart.
What great artist.
Did you hear that Randy Travis?
Randy Travis is using AI now to make new songs because he was paralyzed by a stroke, but because they could take his voice, which is an iconic voice.
Randy Travis has incredible voice.
But because of AI, they can get recordings of him singing and he could plug it into AI and he can still make songs.
And you know how much of a recording they need nowadays to actually mimic the entire range of a person's voice is 30 seconds.
What less than that now start not that long ago was 30 seconds now you need a snippet by a snippet I mean seconds yeah and you can then you can you can then mimic that voice to arrange emotions and and and scenarios.
It's stunning.
There was a guy who just [5:07] got fired because he made a fake AI recording of a guy he worked for, saying a bunch of racist things.
And the guy, like everybody was attacking him, he got in trouble and then they somehow another did an analysis on it.
And real director did it to the principle of the high school.
Which is lots of get fired.
So he's like, I'm starting to get fired, watch this.
Right, he thought he's being slick.
But he's a dummy and he didn't know that they can tell.
They can analyze audio recordings and tell whether or not they're real.
How did they do that?
How can they tell?
Well, I won't specifically, I think someone else was, like, it was a conversation between two people and they were both like, I didn't hear that and I didn't say that.
So they were like, well, what could have happened?
I mean, there's this, I think they got the guys computer to find out what he's talking about.
So he must have a secret recording and then in that secret recording, he took it and then threw it through AI and had him say a bunch of N words in there.
Yeah.
There's two aspects of this whole thing, right?
[6:07] There's the detection portion of it, right?
Can you detect something like this as fake, whether it's audio, whether it's video, combination of both.
And then there's the other side of it, which is trying to stay up with the capabilities of those that are trying to do these identity thefts or whatever you want to call it.
And that's sort of the proactive effort to lock down recordings.
And there's some interesting work being done in that space where if you film something, say you go to a campaign rally and you film that campaign rally, there are a handful of companies out there figuring out that you can essentially water market, right, so that it cannot be fucked with, right?
And that you can determine if it's an actual recording or not.
And that's really, I mean, you think about how much disinformation is roiling around out there now.
Right?
So, but detection, it's important, but it's not enough anymore.
[7:01] So where the focus has to be is on ensuring that anything that's being recorded.
Whether it's a body cam for a police officer, whether it's maybe someone's at a protest, and they're a protestor or they're on the other side, whatever, to be able to film something and then ensure that it's accurate and true going forward.
That's a really important part because you can't, the detection side of it of its important But it can't stay up with the developments of all the folks out there all the criminal gangs criminal elements And whether it's state sponsored or not that's out there You know just with this disinformation effort.
So I mean, it's a fascinating.
It's a fascinating problem But people are getting duped constantly.
It's a fascinating problem that is only going to get worse as these new versions of AI Get rolled out.
It's going to be more and more difficult to detect what's true and what's fake.
And people can do it on their computer so easy now.
I was just one of Biden.
He's walking and he pauses to talk to people [8:00] and they CGI'd shit like that he's pooping himself.
I saw that.
The one where he kind of stops.
He's into that weird pause.
He's got a fart.
Yeah.
He just seeing him poop himself.
And people are out there saying, look, that's a mid stage dementia stance, right?
That's what they're saying now.
They're talking about that.
I don't know about that, but.
But look, there's some things going on.
There are, if you talk about just, what do they call a face swap, right?
So they can take a photo of somebody now.
They can take a little snippet of somebody talking now.
And there are over a hundred apps out there readily available to anybody that can basically do this face swap technology and put somebody else in there and criminal elements are doing it all the time.
So if I'm a fraudster and I send a note say to somebody in procurement and I say, hey, you need to send a check for $100,000 to our vendor.
[9:03] Here's the details.
Well, they might have protocols in place of the company.
So it's okay, well, first of all, this is a large transaction.
I better call the finance director, right, or whomever.
They've got a way that they can figure out how to spoof all of that, right?
So you could be talking to whom you think as the finance director, but they'll actually with the phase swap technology available out there, right?
It's somebody having a conversation.
You think it's the finance director, but they're talking to you.
And completely different person.
Completely different person.
The voice gets changed.
Their face gets changed.
They look exactly like you.
So I could use face swap technology that exists today.
And with all the recordings that we have of you from this show.
Oh fuck yeah.
100%.
We could have you saying a bunch of shit that you never really said And some shit that I probably did say Yeah, that's some shit, but um let me ask you this like when they're doing this All this all this face swap technology and all this different stuff like [10:00] What what can be done to try to keep ahead of it to make sure like from a national security perspective, like how do you, how do you keep, how do you know?
Right.
There's a couple of parts to that.
Like Netanyahu, all of a sudden has some crazy speech and says some wild shit and like we're going to war like hey, yeah, is that real well what they I mean again part of it is like there's a handful of companies out there and They will they they're able to again record and it instantly as it does it it embeds Information right in a beds specific time location You know your coordinates in the record and And it's in there, right?
And then it's sort of a blockchain system where then on the other side, the person can look and go, yeah, this is accurate, this is correct, right?
But people have to be able to take that, and that's I guess where I'm going with this, people have to be able to take that step to ensure that what they're watching is accurate.
So when people say, well, how do you prevent this?
How do you keep this from happening?
[11:07] The unsatisfactory answer just to a large degree is, it comes down to individual people, right?
Everybody has a big fucking responsibility now, more so than before, to understand what they're looking at listening to watching.
Right, we're fucked.
We're fucked.
Well, now we're really fucked.
I don't want to sound cynical, because there's too many people that are concerned about drinking Kendrick Lamar and don't even know what's going on in Gaza.
They're much more concerned with that.
We have a lot of 84 IQ years out there bouncing around, walking into traffic.
84, what is that average nowadays?
Or is that, I don't even know I think it's 15% of the population is 84 and below right is that what it is 50% that would also be 15% is whatever 100 plus and above what's the actual numbers let's get a pie chart of IQs it's a standard deviation thing for see already I know that you're above 84 just because you said that yeah [12:03] you said standard deviation.
Wow.
Any Googles with one hand.
Yeah.
So like, that's because Carl's being petted.
Just no matter what, almost no matter what thing you're trying to average out, they're almost always end up looking this way.
And 15% will always be inside of it.
What percentage, 0.1% are 55 and below?
Fuck.
2% of the population is 70.
Jesus, between 55 and 70, 2% of the population.
And then 14% of the population is 85.
Yeah, but 34% is below 100.
So most people are between 85 and 115.
And me, I'm in that sweet zone, between 115 and 130.
Oh yeah, really?
That's impressive.
I suspect I'm to the left of that somewhere Yeah, I've never taken an IQ test.
I took one at two o'clock in the morning And I wasn't even awake.
I wanted to say and I said I should probably take some alpha brain take this bitch again and get fired up But I didn't I'm happy with my score.
Yeah [13:03] I mean I just want to know, I wasn't really stupid.
Yeah.
Well, God.
That's, okay, that's interesting.
So, you know, a lot of people hanging out in the 85, the one 15.
I don't think, the real issue with all this stuff though is emotional intelligence and social intelligence.
And there's people that are very brilliant people that I know that suck at those other things and that's held them back in life.
So are you smart?
Are you really smart?
If you're emotional intelligence, suck so hard.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You're ability to read social cues.
You're ability to form meaningful friendships.
Suck so hard that you're isolated and nobody likes to be around you, but you have a high IQ.
So I'm supposed to think that's good That seems dumb.
I mean it works for some people I suppose Doesn't though.
Well, that's a recipe for an unhappy life.
Yeah, well, I mean you never know you get you get somebody who's who You know they're a brilliant scientist and they just they have very little social life Maybe they're happy and in the science lab.
I don't know that But I agree.
Empathy is, I mean, we try to work with our kids all the time [14:08] on that, right?
I mean, you want a well-rounded kid.
Our job is to raise not average children, but you want them to be well-rounded.
And empathy, being able to read social cues, read a room, that is super important.
My kids are all very kind, and I love that.
It makes me very, very happy.
They're very kind.
They're kind to people.
They're kind to their friends.
They're kind to people.
They feel bad when someone's not doing well.
They're kind.
That means a lot.
I'm very happy they got that from us.
I think it's they get that from you.
They get that from probably more from Mrs.
Rugby.
I'm nice though.
And I work real hard at it too, because I don't have instincts to be nice.
My instincts should not be very nice.
My instincts are survival the fittest.
It's very hard to put that aside.
It's kind sometimes, but it always feels better when I do.
It is, and that's how kids learn to do it.
[15:03] People always ask, you know, about with parenting, the kids are watching from the time they're nuggets, right?
And they absorb shit.
And, you know, if you want your kid to be empathetic, you've got to demonstrate that.
You've got to demonstrate kindness, you've got to demonstrate consideration.
Our boys, my daughter's great, my daughter is very good in our our boys are boys.
They're aggressive and competitive and all that.
But I think ours probably follow the traditional sort of multi-kid path.
So like the oldest boy is empathetic, right?
And kind and considerate.
And youngest boy is probably a savage.
Youngest boy's, he's like the fucking mayor of party.
That's what I'm saying.
Yeah, yeah.
Because he's got the fucking mayor of party.
That's what I'm saying.
Yeah, yeah.
He's got to deal with the older brothers.
Exactly.
He had to grow up quicker.
Yeah, and the middle boy, he's the better at things too.
Yeah, actually, you know what?
He says, my wife says, who's the greatest person?
I know she calls him the sleeper, right?
Because he kind of comes in on the radar.
You don't expect him to be great at something and then he is, right?
Because he's been watching and he's pissed off [16:06] and he wants to be better than his brothers.
Yeah, right.
And then the middle boy is just like, he's just like, fuck you, get out of my way.
You know, he's the basketball player.
He's in his own, I.M.G.
He's gonna focus.
Yeah, that's because there's a lot of people around and realize can't constrain other people of being happy.
God do what he wants.
Yeah, that's right.
So I mean, I think that's not dynamic, right?
It is.
And you think about it and you think about, they all grow up and people talk about this all the same environment.
And then they end up being so uniquely different in ways.
They're different out of the box.
This is a boy genetics plays a factor.
My God plays a factor.
And you realize that when you see your kids grow up and you see traits that like there is no fucking way, this is getting to you anyway other than genetics.
There's no way.
Yeah.
Because I mean, at a certain [17:02] point, yeah, they start to take some influence from their friends Yeah, you know, and they oh yeah, but by then hopefully you've kind of already set there whatever their moral compass Right and they know what they're supposed to do maybe they stray off that path occasionally, right?
But for the most part no, they I think you've got to You've got to set the parameters.
you've got to set the course kids, little kids want to know what the hell's expected of them.
I'll tell you one thing, reports from the front lines of kids in high school today, that woke shit's out the window, that word retard comes flying at these kids' mouths.
They're bringing that back strong.
They are bringing that back strong.
I'll tell you that woke thing, it got into college and then the high school kids the ones coming up now Yeah, they are rejecting it.
I 100% agree with you and I know that because our youngest Mugs he's like what 12 years old now and so he's in seventh grade and he it was in the complete blast zone of woke [18:03] Right, okay, and like the oldest one who's 16, he kinda had some of it.
The middle one, again, didn't care.
He was like, fuck you, you don't play ball, so I'm not paying attention to you.
And but the youngest one was in the complete firing, fire zone of this world culture.
And you'll never meet a more conservative, sexist kid in your life.
Because he's just like, I'll come back and he'll tell us some stories from his, his school, which is a great school, but it's, it's pretty woke.
It's pretty liberal, right?
You got, you got kids walking around its furries.
You got a lot of multi-colored hair.
You got all sorts of things going on there.
And, uh, and he'll come back and tell us stories and he just say I just don't understand what the hell's happened And so it works harder to sport.
Yeah, that's what you get from a lot of people that work hard at sports people The value hard work and people that value hard work tend to be more conservative and less inclined to indulge people on their mental illness You know, oh, you're a cat.
No, you're not you have cat ears on they don't look like a cat You don't even have a good costume on.
Like you're not tricking people in the dark.
[19:07] Yeah.
Okay.
Shut the fuck up.
You're not a cat.
Yeah.
You're just 12 and really confused and I get it.
He came home one day and he said, he said some girl turned around dressed as a cat and kicked him, right?
Because she thought he had pulled her tail and then apparently she hissed at him and walked away and he was like I didn't fucking pull it out.
Oh my god.
I don't want anything to do with him.
Yeah, so she hissed at him.
Jesus Christ Yeah, this is so indulgent that's so crazy Yeah, you know, it's interesting is like Tucker Carlson has a very had a very good point when he talked about the difference between Different dysphoria like body dysphoria for like anorexia versus gender dysphoria.
And he said when a child has body dysphoria and they think they're fat, you don't tell them, oh yeah, you are fat.
No, you help them.
You say no, you're not fat.
This is just a mental disorder.
But when someone says I'm a boy, you say, oh, you are a boy.
You don't say, dude.
Look at you.
Sweetie, your name is Dorothy.
[20:05] Yeah.
Shall we go, this is crazy.
This is crazy.
This is crazy.
Dorothy, where did I come over Dorothy?
Dorothy.
Are people still naming the kid Dorothy?
I don't think, I think no.
Bring it back.
I think Dorothy, Carol, nobody named her That's right.
Yeah, people don't like what they're like.
God, how bizarre.
Yeah, it's a weird one.
So, but you're right.
It's the indulgence.
It's and again, look, everybody, you find do what you want to do.
I don't need to go along with it.
I don't need to celebrate it.
I don't need to, you know, and that's, but that's what's expected.
It went past, like, maybe I'm a little bit different.
I'm gonna go through a phase in life.
Now it's like, I'm going through a phase and you better fucking well accept it.
It's also, there's- There's like a value, a social value, to having anxiety, there's a social value to what you will call childhood trauma, you know, or social value to like everybody has PTSD from like, it could be from like high [21:07] school, it could be like from minor stuff, but it's looked at as, oh, we have to be, you know, we have to be considered of someone's past.
Everybody's got trauma.
That's a part of life, but the answer is not to over-endolge every single aspect of everyone's ideas so that you do let a kid wear a fucking tail and ears and run around the high school Be a freak because like that's not good either.
Yeah, that's not healthy Well, it's crazy.
It's not healthy and it's and it's confusing for those kids too, right?
I mean, I honestly believe if you if you address it properly right and you and you deal with it it's long term better health for that individual right which is what you want right you want everybody wants it and you know but we've got I don't know if you want to go up once you're grown adult and you got your own job and you pay for your own apartment you want to go to a furry [22:00] convention god bless you god bless you I just don't think you should be able to wear a fucking tail in school and hiss at people.
That just seems silly.
Yeah, it seems silly.
Also, my friend's son goes to a school where you can't wear hats.
So you can't wear hats in class, but kids can wear like fucking duck ears, or duck's one.
Yeah, ducks don't have ears.
Like, don't they?
How do they hear?
They have, they don't stick out.
Okay.
I was going with a stupid animal from some reason duck.
That's how you know I'm not invested in this idea.
I think a duck with ears would be a good looking duck.
You had fucking dog ears or cat ears.
What a fucking thing you are.
Raccoons.
Our boys school.
So we can't wear hats either.
Our boys school.
Yeah, they can wear hats, but they can wear these stupid fucking ears is my point.
Yeah.
You know what?
It's like a headband, I guess.
Or, you know, this time of year is a great time of year.
And it's a great time of year because speaking of hats and everything is it.
This time of year is is is a crew cut, flat top season.
So the youngest one, Mugsie, went ahead and the other day and got himself a buzz cut.
It's nice.
There is, we used to go, all my brothers and I, [23:06] we knew it was, some were was approaching when my dad would say, okay, there we go.
And we had a home clipper kit, right?
And there was something great about that flat top, that crew cut, right?
And so anyway, he's got his crew cut going on.
And I suspect he's the only one in this entire school that's got this and it's a good look for him, right?
And it also, you know, it, I, again, I think there's, there's so much happening in the school in terms of the way kids are, what's the word among it for, coddled, right?
That, you know, I feel proud about Mugsie because he he comes walking into school and there's no mistake And like this kid is not it's kid is not angsty.
He's not worried about anything, right?
He's he's got the crew cat going on Yeah, man This is a very unique challenge for these kids to get through this bullshit and come out of the other end No understanding that no one's gonna save you you're responsible responsible for yourself in life and you gotta get after it.
[24:06] You gotta actually do something.
If you want a successful happy life, you have to be engaged in some sort of a pursuit, something that you enjoy, whatever the fuck it is, find it, go for it, hard work is important.
The world really does operate on a meritocracy except in corrupt situations.
But it's also battlefield, right, for these kids to minefield.
It's probably better way to put it in.
Minefield.
So you've got, yes, you've got the kids, you want them to do all those things, right?
Play sports, be involved in hobbies, activities, whatever it is, stay busy, focus on your grades, be balanced, be nice to people.
But they're walking through this minefield every day there's a potential for them right to to upset somebody who's looking to be upset and I'm talking about 12 13 14 15 year old kids right who are looking to be insulted right and and very quickly Use the system that's been put in place right which caters to them right and so And so it is, you know, and, and, you know, my boys, you know, have run a foul of that system [25:07] a couple of times for, you know.
It's lunacy.
Maybe speaking their mind.
Maybe not saying, calling someone of them.
Yeah, addressing someone as a plural.
Yeah.
One of my kids went with a they them, went to school with a they them.
And this girl wore fucking makeup.
She wore makeup and dresses.
But she said she was non-binary and she would get upset if someone didn't call her they or them.
How old at the time?
11?
12?
12?
Yeah.
12 of us.
Yeah.
What the fuck, man?
Were you worried?
Were you worried about that sort of thing when you were 11 years old?
I didn't even know it was a thing.
Now, I don't think I realized it was a thing until I was 50.
Yeah.
I never heard a non-binary.
I mean, I would imagine that there are people that are asexual.
They're not interested in a track of physical affection.
They're probably on the spectrum.
God bless you.
But is that what non-binary means?
No.
But that's like asexual.
Asexual.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But when you say you're not a boy or a girl, okay, if you were a puppy and I wanted a [26:09] boy puppy or a girl puppy, which one would you be?
I know you're not a puppy.
Yeah.
You know, like this is the thing with the Supreme Court justice with Katangi Brown Jackson who said she's not a biologist.
They asked her what is a woman?
She said I'm not a biologist.
They asked her, what is a woman?
She said, I'm not a biologist.
Right, but you're a woman.
So how about take a shot at it?
Like if I brought you a puppy, how do you know if it's a boy dog or a girl dog?
Can we use that same judgment for humans?
Is that possible?
Isn't it true in the majority of cases that a woman has ovaries and a vagina and they can have babies for the most part.
Yeah, for the most part.
Yeah.
Well, just try to watch people just lose their minds, try asking somebody like that, is there a difference between a man and a woman?
To a Supreme Court justice 20 years ago.
Imagine if Ruth Bader Ginsburg 20 years ago, somebody asked her, [27:01] she'd go, shut the fuck up with these stupid questions.
I'm here on the goddamn Supreme Court to get shit done.
Okay?
I'm not here to hear.
What did you ask me?
What a woman is.
Why don't you ask me what paint is?
Now ask me what tires are.
Now how about I'm not sure the shit?
What's a pencil?
Shut the fuck up.
What are you doing?
It's university administrators.
It's it's anybody in a position of leadership who's afraid of getting bullied right and so that nobody wants to state the obviously we went through the whole pandemic with one side screaming believe the science right and then now they're like well I know you know it depends on the context of whether a man and a woman are different you're thinking look you can you again do whatever you want to do but if you're if you're a girl but you identify as, but if you're a girl, but you identify as a boy, then you're a girl identifying as a boy, and vice versa, right?
That doesn't seem complicated to me.
Also, if you want us to trust the science, you gotta make the science trust worthy.
You can't leave the science in the hand of corporations as standard profit, if the science reflects one thing [28:02] or the other, you can't do that.
Because they do it, they've done it forever, they've been fined for it, you know they do it, you know it's standard practice, you know that they run multiple tests and multiple studies and they'll throw out the ones that don't show any positive results and they finagle the studies to show some kind of fagazzy positive thing and then they'll start prescribing it to people.
They do it for money.
You know they do it for money.
Everybody knows they do it for money.
So shut the fuck up about this science thing until you can sort the science out.
Until you know this thing, unless you have a third party non-biased where there's not a revolving door between the government organization and the pharmaceutical drug companies, which we know there is.
And we know that they know there is, so we know that they know where the fuck and bread is buttered, and they know how to get things through, and then, look, he do!
He works for Moderna now.
Look, he do!
Oh my god, look, he do!
The lack of Smith's client just hired them.
[29:02] I mean, look, I'm not...
Everybody should make money.
I'm glad pharmaceutical drug companies exist.
They make awesome stuff.
But you gotta be honest, and you don't hit me with that trust, the science shit.
If you haven't made the science trust worthy, stop.
Yeah, and it also can't be a moving line.
Either you do or you don't.
And it can't be based on where you fall politically, which seems to be how it works.
And so whenever it's, yeah, we trust some time.
Just not a chromosome.
No, yeah.
Yeah, we're not a zone stuff.
It's very subjective.
Very subjective.
I wanted to ask you this before I forget.
When you were working for the agency, did you guys, I know that there is a program where they use special effects makeup to change someone's appearance.
Have you ever seen that in person?
Oh, yes.
How does it look?
Yeah, it, well, it gets better all the time, right?
So that goes to the answer.
[30:00] Like, could I sneak into a concert with a rubber nose?
Yeah.
Get me a nice blonde wig.
Yeah, that's what we used to do.
We hand out rubber noses and gougly eyes.
Yeah.
And then nobody would see us coming.
Like Clark Kent.
Yeah.
No, we have a disguise unit at the agency.
And I'm super proud of them.
And I was the benefit of their expertise on numerous occasions.
Because you might guess.
I mean, I was the benefit of their expertise on numerous occasions because you might guess, I mean, I'd spent almost all my time with the agency overseas in operations and there's some places where I don't blend, right?
And so I know.
So they blended you just like on TV America world, please?
Remember?
Yes.
Well, it's one of the craziest.
Oh, Hans Breaks.
Hans Breaks.
Oh, good is that movie?
Yeah, that's a greatest movie ever.
Yeah, that's, when they marker Matt Stone or the fucking best, when they did the puppet sex, Matt Stone, Tray Parker, which their name is?
Yeah, yeah, they puppet sex scene when they thought, okay, a few minutes of this, it's making people uncomfortable, [31:00] let's keep going with it.
Well, you know the original is far longer.
Yeah, there was no sheep poops on his chest or he poops on her chest and she peas on him or he pees on her Buggala!
Mouhamah Jihadala!
Dirkah Dirkah Mouhamah Jihad!
Mouhamah Jihad!
Oh shit!
Come on Gary!
Act!
And laugh the power!
Hahaha!
Buck!
Dirk Dirkah Law!
Dirkah Dirkah Mouhamah Jihad!
Harkashirpa Shirpa!
A Buggala!
Man this is tak me back.
Oh.
He's an actor, bro.
God, it's so good.
He saved them.
He saved them being an actor.
One of the greatest.
Yes.
That really takes me back to the operational days, too.
Such an amazing movie.
Yeah, the disguise unit is fantastic.
And here's John Mendez.
[32:00] So this is from the disguise, yeah.
She was there.
She was she was you know senior officer there Did you ever will you ever talk in this?
I'm when you know?
I think this motherfucker's wearing her disguise no, but I've talked to people wearing disguises I've had I've had the full overhead mask look how good that is was sunglasses on With sunglasses on that's crazy.
I never did wear the the monkey outfit We didn't do that one, but look how good that looks.
That's insane.
Now, and here's the thing about this is that because what they did was they went to Hollywood and there's been this liaison for years, years and years between the agency and Hollywood comes to special effects when it comes to makeup.
And again, and it's horses for courses.
So sometimes you need to light the skies, right?
And I'm not giving away any secrets.
This stuff is all out there.
And so you get to light the skies.
It's for a brief cover for action.
You know, there's not, you know, I can be engaged in this.
So sometimes we'll be of light disguise.
You know, like a rubber nose.
[33:01] It could be like a wig.
It could be like a wig, it could be a facial hair, a change of glasses, it could be just a change of hair color.
In reality, if you're out on the street, I know I'll probably disappear down a rabbit home, people would be like, this is fucking boring, but if you're out on the street and you're just in a surveillance exercise, say, right, and you're covering a target, then all you got to do is you're just talking about switching up your look a little bit.
It could be a hat, right?
It could be a coat.
It could be a backpack, whatever you're doing.
So it doesn't have to be much.
And then you got the full other side of the spectrum, which could be a full overhead mask, right, which is, that you're out on the street and you're in disguise, nobody is thinking that person's in disguise, right?
So it's dependent upon your bearing.
I've seen people in disguise who don't pull it off well, because they're worried like, I'm in disguise, people are thinking I'm in disguise.
[34:00] Nobody gives a shit.
Everybody's worried about their own little bubble up.
So it's your body movements.
It's your body language.
It's your bearing.
How do you comport yourself?
How do you carry yourself on your confident in it?
And also do you understand that the vast majority of people out there, no matter where you are, right?
A fourth world country, US, wherever.
They're not thinking about it, right?
And I've had extended conversations with people in disguise where, you know, they don't give a fuck, they don't know and it is remarkable how good they are at this, but that unit is fantastic.
Did I give you like a rubber muscle suit ever?
No, I never got a fat suit.
A lot of a muscle suit.
But I know one of the guys I worked with, he got a fat suit.
Really?
Yeah, yeah.
Chase is wait, because that's also one of those things where, you know, you, you, you're looking to, right?
I mean, you're just looking to alter your profile.
And wait is a big part of it.
And what is the fat suit until?
Is it like a skin one where it looks real?
Well, no, mostly it's under your clothes, right?
And so it's like, it's padding basically.
But it's quick.
You have to be able to do this quickly.
Look, I've been on the streets of, you know, capital cities around the world.
[35:08] I'm on a motorcycle and, you know, I've got, I've got a helmet on.
That's a pretty good disguise.
But you got to get off that motorcycle at some point and walk the streets or go somewhere or whatever.
And so you've got to be able to do these So again, not giving away any sources or methods, but I will say the disguise unit and Mrs.
Mendez there, who they just showed briefly, she ran that operations with great person and a great part of the agency.
And it is, but it is acting, right?
There's no difference.
So this was gonna get to, do they teach you how to walk casual?
They teach you what to see in someone that's tense?
Well, yeah, I mean, you spend a lot of time, yeah, you do.
That's a good way to put it, I guess.
You spend a lot of time observing people, right?
And understanding, and part of that is you're trying to get a sense [36:02] of, if you're trying to get a sense of whether they're lying, you're watching for certain things, you're watching for their body movement in the way they're behaving and the things that they're saying a lot of times are just, they're not consistent with what they're saying.
So that's not necessarily watching their movements, but a lot of times if you're trying to get on side with somebody, right?
So if I'm if I'm trying to develop a relationship with the deputy foreign minister of whatever from some country, right?
Because they've got inside information on their Nuke program.
Then I'll spend a lot of time thinking about and watching and observing that person and eventually I'm mirroring that person's activities, right?
So you know if you're sitting across from somebody and and they're you lean on the desk, right?
So, you know, if you're sitting across from somebody and they're leaning on the desk, right?
And they start talking together, they move in a little bit closer.
Well, I'm gonna do the same thing.
I'm gonna come in.
They don't know it, they don't understand it, but it makes them more comfortable, right?
So if you start mirroring their actions, their activities, that's just one of those things.
It's a small part of it, but it's one of them.
My buddy told me that when you see people like leaning against a wall, [37:07] that we see people in foreign countries leaning against a wall, nine times that attend their American.
Like with leaning like one shoulder against a wall, he said it's a very American thing to do.
Like leaning against doorways with one shoulder, leaning against a wall with one shoulder.
Yeah, I wouldn't make a lot of book on that.
I mean, because it's a Western thing, more than just an American thing.
I've seen, you know, it's been a long time in Europe and, you know, Italians are leaning against the wall.
You know, standards are leaning against the wall, but it is a Western thing.
So, you know, if you're walking the streets of a lot of ostok or wherever, then you have to be aware of it.
Also, little things like how you eat, how do you hold your fork in life?
I mean, it could be anything that could show out as a certain cultural handle.
So, with this way, there's different people hold their fork.
Well, if you hold your knife here and you hold your fork here, [38:01] and you just keep eating with this hand, you don't switch the fork over to your dominant hand, right?
That's an interesting take.
And I mean, like if you're over in the UK, you see it all the time, right?
People just kind of eatin' like this, right?
It's pushing their food onto their fork.
15 things that stand out.
Americans are known for leaning on things while standing still, ha ha ha.
There's the habit of CIA even trains.
Ah ha ha.
Ah ha ha.
If CIA trains Americans to unlearn when trained to be a spy.
Don't worry, we can still stand out on our own two feet.
Americans are always eating on the go.
One person living in Europe was asked if they were American because they were eating a bagel while walking.
Hey, we got a fuel up for all that small talk.
Americans are known for being loud and friendly and our accents are a dead giveaway.
Yes, that does.
Americans love small talk and are super friendly.
Americans are known for wanting ice in their water.
A habit that might seem as strange in countries where ice is not commonly consumed.
Americans often greet people with, hey, how are you?
The greeting may be seen as too friendly or even mocking in some cultures.
[39:04] Americans are known for leaving tips.
Are they?
Okay, yeah.
Yeah, that's true.
Americans have a reputation for being confident.
Okay.
Even if you're walking in the wrong direction.
Americans are known for enjoying sweet treats for breakfast to have it that may be seen as strange and other cultures where breakfast is typically a savory meal.
Americans are often seen as being obsessed with their appearance and constantly checking their appearance in mirrors.
It's because we're the shit Americans are known for wearing tactical sunglasses.
A style that we've seen as unusual in other countries.
Okay.
Americans are known for saying y'all.
Okay.
Americans are known for the love of baseball caps.
Yeah.
Especially when worn backwards.
Americans are in love for the love of saying the US or America when asked if they're from even though these terms refer to the entire country Americans are known for their friendly grins making eye-talk.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, suppose basically just the leaning us a wall thing that seems odd.
Yeah.
Yeah Yeah, that's interesting, but I yeah, I've seen a lot of leaners in my time [40:03] So but yeah, those are all those things.
It's good to be aware of, but you were saying with the fork and knife thing that the Europeans keep a fork in one hand and knife for other, and they don't switch hands.
What people switch hands?
I've seen that a lot here in the States, where people like they'll eat, you'll cut, you'll put down, you'll see, and maybe it's just because I hang around with a lot of posh people.
I don't know.
Yeah, this is like bitches.
Yeah, yeah.
Those sound like, that's a bitch.
I'm not saying that, not.
Your left hand sucks so hard that you have to swap out.
Swap out.
Yeah.
You're scared of the fortitude in your left hand.
I think it's considered very etiquette.
to hand too.
I know both those things you make you a bit.
It's just a lot easier if you also if you just kind of push you're pushing around right there like that and I but then again you know you could do it if you want to eat quick you got a two-hand thing.
So John's magazine here that says that that's an American style apparently to hold the fork in your dominant hand and switch.
So yeah that's the bitches of America.
So let's say for a steak for instance.
Oh look, there's even pictures.
Let's picture store explain this to us.
[41:06] How you cut to a zigzag style or something.
So Fort goes back and forth.
Now let's take a closer look at the details.
This is ridiculous.
People are so funny.
Actually, that guy holding it like a dagger looks like my boy's eating.
That dude's very boring in real life.
Or a serial killer.
Yeah, or an etiquette teacher.
Yeah, either one.
So, but the disguising is fascinating.
And I've been, like I said, I mean, sometimes it can be very simple.
You slap on, I know it sounds silly, but you slap on a fake mustache, but you're just changing your profile quickly.
Right, and so it doesn't.
I will say there were times when you'd get a disguise kit and it would have a baseball cap in it and go I Don't I don't think so.
I think it's we're overseas and probably not a baseball cap Yeah, so who's putting together these some disguise kits for you?
It's it.
I mean the outfit again.
It's the it's the disguise unit and the disguise unit is an aware of cultural differences [42:01] Oh, no, they are but I'm just saying in the I'm fairly old, but in the old days they throw in a ball cap and you think, okay, well, you give it up here, kids.
Yeah, so, but yeah.
Hey, what do I know?
So is there any video of people wearing these disguises where we could see what they look like?
I found another video, I saw one on Instagram, but I don't know if it's real and wired.
Same lady, I think here she transforms probably like the reporter.
Yeah, just imagine, again, and what are you doing?
You're, so here's a lady, right?
The Giro Mustache.
The Giro Samawaki hair.
Wow.
That's incredible.
I don't know she tricked me.
Now.
What's going on?
That one's not the best one.
You're not the best, but that's it.
Didn't that salsa then?
They brought out the fork and knife in the video.
Which is interesting.
Boy, they love that fork and knife thing.
Holding a cigarette comes up in the video.
[43:02] How do you hold the cigarette?
Yeah, it's very quick here.
They just show like the way you either between the fingers forward like that.
Is that American pinching it?
And who pinches it?
I don't know.
I've seen people peer pinch it, so I don't know.
Yeah.
And it shows a guy doing a very quick thing like this.
People that pinch it here, they're probably like European music.
So it goes from a suit to just like taking it off, putting on a hat, and now he's in disguise.
So you can be that simple, right?
I mean, it's, and particularly if you're in surveillance or, you know, or if you're doing, you know, counter surveillance, you gotta be aware of these things.
Did you see that I had a guest on the podcast that came with my friend Josh Dubin, who works with criminal reform and getting innocent people out of jail.
So we had this guest that came on and then after he was on the show, one up killing somebody, cut some dudes head off and...
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
And the unfortunate surveillance footage where he tried to wear a blonde wig and walk around.
[44:02] But he didn't realize, I think he didn't realize like how good modern surveillance cameras are.
Yeah.
It's like crystal clear that this dude was wearing a fucking wig.
God.
Yeah.
That was, yeah.
It's an all about story.
Crazy story.
I was talking to him.
I was talking to him.
I was talking to him.
I was talking to him.
I was talking to him.
I was trying to get help.
I was trying to get help.
I was trying to get help.
I was trying to get help.
I was trying to get help.
I was trying to get help.
I was trying to get help.
I was trying to get help.
I was trying to get help.
I was trying to get help.
I was trying to get help.
I was trying to get help.
I was trying to get help.
I was trying to get help.
students, the ones that are actually affiliated with the university, most of them wearing masks, right?
Right.
And, you know, part of it is, I don't know why it's...
They're mentally ill.
Yeah, they're mentally ill.
I photograph people every time I see them.
I photograph one today.
Yeah.
It's also somebody walking outside with a mask on.
The dumb kind, too.
The surgical, blue, stupid one.
Yeah, oh do have to do them thing.
But this was, I think, was a solidarity thing.
They're all wearing masks.
And part of it was also, I think, [45:06] they were thinking they couldn't be identified.
And then there's a lot of talk about retinal scanning, right?
So how much of the face do you need in order to identify people, right?
And it's not much.
Right?
Retinal scanning, it's not 100% accurate.
So there's other things So would you be able to retinal scan that lady with that crazy outfit on?
Yeah, just retinal scanner and then none that shit would work the mustache.
Which is which is and that's yeah, that's great point.
Blue on your face for nothing.
That shit is tough to take off.
The gross.
It's not good.
So yeah, and that's it's a really good point because now it's made the life of somebody who's working in operations a lot tougher, right?
Because of the ability of, and it's gotta be a country where you're operating where they've got the resources and the technology, but it makes it a shit on tougher to get away with things, right?
And as does the ability for communications intercepts and tracking of phones and all the other things.
[46:02] So, you know, while, you know, it's always the same story, right?
Technology's got an upside and a downside.
But the face recognition, the retinal scanning, it's creating all sorts of problems from an operational perspective overseas.
And here, of course, the problem is, you know, people are talking about civil liberties and, you know, invasion of privacy.
And, you know, so you've got some students out there and they're covered and next thing, you know, they're identified, right?
Now they're suspended and, you know, fine.
You know, you've been...
Not only did that, some of them aren't getting to graduate.
There's one girl I was watching this video where they just told her she couldn't graduate because she got arrested.
Well, you know what, you know, what do they say?
You play stupid games.
Yeah, you win stupid prizes.
Yeah, so they all think they're doing something great.
They think they're gonna fix it.
It's, you know, a lot of misplaced energy with tents.
With tents, yeah, and with matching tents.
And that's the part, look, I get, you know, [47:01] hey, God bless the actual students who are out there feeling like they're being a part of something.
I get that they're young people.
Most of them are gornless, right?
They're just saying whatever, right?
This is, you know, this is their moment to shine.
So they're excited.
So they don't and they, you know, most of them couldn't find Gaza on a map of Gaza.
So I think that, you know, that's that's one side of it, right?
And I can't, you know, whatever, but it's the coordination of it all by the various outside groups and the activists and the funding of it, right?
And the potential for that funding and the coordination to tie back to groups like Hamasar, Hezbollah, which basically means you're tying back to the Iranian regime, right?
Because that's the only reason those groups exist.
But nobody seems curious about that because a lot of the media wanted to portray this as just like kids being kids.
Oh, look at it.
This is their moment to shine as student activists and isn't it wonderful?
And it's their Vietnam protests and bullshit.
Some of it, okay fine.
So it's layered, right?
So some of that's true.
You got those kids that are just doing that.
But there's the incuriosity of the media to say what the hell's behind this right and what groups is it is it uh [48:07] you know students for justice in Palestine is it uh...
you know us campaign for Palestinian rights sami dune right which has connections back to hamas um there's the education for whatever just piece in the middle east there's groups that have been actively engaging in this and that's why you get the coordination of all of this, right?
But nobody asks, okay, what's behind it?
Just students acting.
No, it's not.
It's a coordinated effort.
And then you look at those groups who are always active in this realm, right?
And always looking to have organizations disinvest from Israel or to promote causes that are anti-Israeli.
And then you say, okay, well, who's funding it?
So you look at these groups and you say, okay, where's the money coming from?
The money's always coming from the same places, right?
The Tide Center, which is part of the Tide's network, [49:03] which gets significant funding.
No surprise, from Sorosha's Open Society Foundation.
You get Westchester People's, whatever, action coalition.
So you get these groups and then you get the legal support.
So all these people, the activists who are getting arrested, they can turn to Palestine legal, which provides legal support to the activists and the NGOs that are engaged in all this.
Again, they're getting their money from charities.
A lot of times the charities don't know they're putting money into these groups.
It goes into the Rockefeller Brothers fund, right?
And the Rockefeller Brothers fund provides money to these NGOs, like Justice for Palestine or whatever.
Then, and Rockfellow Brothers gets funding from Soreush, Open Society Foundation is what.
That guy.
He's a good guy of a problem.
Yeah, and now his kid is even more of an activist than George is, right?
And of course, his kid is.
Kid inherited it.
[50:01] Kid inherited it.
Make up for the fact that he inherited it by being extra woke.
Yeah, and he is.
And extra guilty He inherited it.
He didn't hair it did it.
Make up for the fact that he inherited it by being extra woke.
Yeah, and he is.
And extra guilty.
Oh God.
For having all those billions, you should feel guilty, you little fuck.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
How can you live with yourself?
You're so rich.
Well, you're talking about those a very important point that this is not organic.
And that this is this is what i was going to get to earlier when i was talking about social media what how much do you think foreign governments have an influence on certain trends and certain things that people are talking and promoting and pushing and being a part of on social media i think it's a i think it's a big factor i think it's a big factor with a lot of things and i think it's a big factor with all this the things, and I think it's a big factor with all this, the most insane woke shit.
I think they push it as far as they can so that the stuff that's not as insane, that wasn't saying just a couple of years ago, seems less insane now.
It seems more palatable, and then they just keep moving the goalpost.
I think you can do that through social media with kids.
[51:01] You can kind of engineer what kids accept.
Oh, 100%.
And the answer is, how much do they do when they do a tremendous amount?
Look, the Iranian regime, nobody's happier with these protests on campuses than the Iranian regime, right?
And they've even come out.
The foreign minister, Chameenim himself, right?
The Ayatollah came out on his official ex-page, who knew, and praises the protesters.
And they talk about the oppression and the violent tactics of the police and suppressing protests, which is crazy when you think about what the Iranian regime has done to anybody who dares protest inside Iran.
They executed a world champion wrestler over that.
They're constantly.
inside Iran.
But they executed the world champion wrestler over there.
Yeah, they constantly, right?
And they're trampling of all rights, not just women's rights, everybody's rights, right?
So it's bullshit, but people, you know, I don't know, people buy it.
They don't have a peripheral understanding of their workings.
Yeah.
So the inner workings of [52:02] all this stuff.
But then the Russians and the the Chinese they're all taking advantage of this as well Right Chinese bots have been out there trolling around and promoting the chaos right if you were to switch on Television right in Moscow or in Tehran or or in Beijing you'll get a lot of coverage of these campus protests Right, this is this is ideal for them.
It's exactly what they want.
And it feeds into their larger narrative of trying to discredit democracy and say what a losing system it is, right?
Capitalism.
And so, you know, but again, people are incurious.
They're busy.
They're trying to just do their lives.
Whatever.
They're not taking the time to sit and think, where am I getting my information from?
What's the validity of this information?
And if they don't do that, you know, then to your earlier point, yeah, we're fucked.
Yeah.
Because it comes down to individual responsibility.
You gotta focus on where your information is coming from.
And you know, right now, you know, you could argue, I mean, that whether it's the face swapping techniques, whether [53:06] it's AI, that can mimic, and whether it's for criminal purposes, or whether it's for state-sponsored efforts to try to put the knife in into the American system, or the West, we are, it's democratized misinformation, right?
It's made it so that everybody can engage in it, not just state-spons just state sponsors but everybody because all those apps are out there all the abilities out there and you've got an incurious public for the most part that that doesn't take the time and an informed public they did most of our not even aware that there's foreign elements that have an influence on our culture yeah which is which is shocking if you think about it it's shocking but so few people are aware of anything other than what's going on their own life and what's going on at work.
Well life is messy and it's tough and you're trying to raise kids and you're trying to put food on the table.
You don't have time.
And I talked to some of my friends about this stuff and their eyes glaze over.
Yeah, they don't even want to know.
I'm busy, bro.
But you know what it does, I mean, look at this state of, look at dysfunctional we are right now, right?
I mean, this is remarkable at times.
[54:07] And again, everybody wants to think it's always the worst time, right?
It's not the worst time, right?
We've had worse times.
Civil war, I think, was pretty bad.
You know, so we've had more dysfunction, I suppose, at times, but the technology speeds it along, we you know we just have more people so they're the potential for more of a shit show is there but That is Ultimately when people always talk about well how do you how do you you can't you can't just use detection You can't be on the defensive all the time trying to identify.
Okay, that's fake.
That's fake That's fake right you've got to rely on people right to say ah you know what I'm not going to buy everything I read right I'm going to pay attention and I'm going to think about it a little bit and I'm going to chill and fuck out and but it's not it's not in human nature apparently right now so yeah we've got a problem and those nations particularly Iran, China and Russia are having a [55:02] field day right now right this is we are making it very easy for them and think about it, we got the fucking election coming up in November.
So think about what that means in terms of disinformation and it's, yeah, it's remarkable.
We live in a very interesting time.
I think we're gonna be fine.
It's a very resilient environment, I suppose, but so I try to be positive, but.
It's probably parallel.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, let me ask you this.
From a perspective of someone kind of understands all these different influences and all the things that are happening in these universities, what can be done to sort of like unwind some of this fuckery?
If anything at this point, I mean, are we just going to operate from here on out with this understanding that our kids getting doctrinaided to this preposterous, ridiculous way of thinking, whether taught these Marxist, the Leninist ideas as if they make any fucking sense, and they've never worked anywhere, and if they don't always lead to totalitarian, authoritative [56:02] governments that take over and enforce all these socialist policies, which is a fucking nightmare that happens in every single regime when they go socialism.
So what can be done to sort of like unwind some of this bullshit in colleges and balance it out a little bit like there's nothing wrong with having ridiculous ideas.
As long as those ridiculous ideas can be challenged, but if you're the only one that gets to talk, and you just indoctrinate these kids, and no one comes along and says, hey, you've never even functioned in the fucking real world.
Like this shit that you're teaching these kids, unless they go into academia, they're fucked.
Yeah.
Or you're gonna ruin corporations with this ideology because it just, it doesn't jive with capitalism.
It doesn't jive with, and oh yeah, we're gonna tear capitalism down.
Okay, well then what?
You fucking idiot.
It's then no one has any incentive to get anything done.
Well, that's great for you because you've never done anything.
Yeah.
So you think all these people that did things, even if you don't agree with him, even if it's Bill Gates, he still built that fucking company.
That's his, he did it.
[57:07] Do you wanna be that guy?
Then go do what he did.
If you don't like what he did, then you can talk about it, you can protest about the idea that everyone should have to give all their money away and there should be no billionaires and there should be no capitalism and all the money goes into, then who who's in charge and who gets to tell you what you can do and not do who gets to tell you you can't have your money anymore who gets to take your house away because it's too big shut the fuck up right this is like so short-sighted and so stupid that it's so hard for me to believe that it's being taught universities right or or the the idea now what they're saying is like you got a big house you got a couple extra rooms you know what you should do yeah taking these fucking yeah taken to my murderers yeah that we have it we have bothered to have a 13-tap dude on his forehead bring him in yeah he's fine he's a nice guy trying to clean his life up that's why he walked here yeah and the borders fine don't worry about it it's all good it's fine it's only like 20 percent Chinese nationals that are of military age no that's the staggering number the staggering number of Chinese have come across the border in the past six months.
[58:06] It's why.
It is fascinating because you think, what accounts for that increase?
They want to learn MMA.
Yeah.
Yeah.
This is the best gyms.
Yeah.
A lot of even the Chinese champions that come over here to train.
Really?
Yeah, standing.
So maybe that accounts for what, 20, 30 of them guys are future and old-day stars, future UFC stars.
But I mean, you look at the universities and think, yeah, university is supposed to be a place where you exchange ideas.
So that's great.
You want to talk about it, you want to have classes in Marxism or whatever, you want to talk.
That's great.
But you're right.
You need to have that discourse yet.
You need to be, you know, again, the examples of the real world and from my own experience, my daughter went to undergrad and grad school and she kept her mouth shut for most of that time.
I had six years because she always knew what she said.
There was no upside to her arguing in class.
And she saw a centrist, right?
But that's not popular either.
[59:01] You can't be a centrist on campus.
You can't say there's good ideas on both sides.
Oh, fuck that there.
So yeah, so she went through school and that's a terrible thought.
Yeah, right?
It's particularly when you're paying for it.
But she's she worked out fine.
She's great.
And she understood the joke, right?
She got the joke, but it shouldn't be there.
Right.
You shouldn't have to decipher that for four years.
You shouldn't have to go, oh, we put this through the bullshit filter.
Right.
Okay, let me just get through this class and figure out what's applicable and what I need for my degree.
Yeah.
But unless, you know, I do think there's some bounce back on on the corporate side with DEI, for example, right?
I think there are a number of companies out there just as with the sort of the climate change.
I watched oil companies do this complete left turn saying, we're gonna make an over half of our revenues from green energy in the future, near future.
Like a couple of years from now, I think it's not gonna happen.
But they have to play that game for a while, and then they come back and go, it's not gonna happen.
[1:00:01] So you know what we're doing?
We're investing in all of this shit, including fossil fuels.
So I think whether it's that or whether it's the kind of the pushback on DEI from corporations that are saying, um, you know, maybe it is a grift, right?
Maybe you've got all these DEI grifters out there and they got it.
It's a cottage industry.
They can make a lot of money off of this bullshit.
Got a lot of government grants and all this thing.
So, but But I think there's some pushback universities, I think, are a tougher issue.
Yeah.
Right?
I don't think unless parents and kids just say, I'm not going to that bullshit.
I mean, look, have you seen some of these kids at these supposedly elite universities talk?
How the fuck did they get into these universities?
Because they most have passed at the application process.
Some kids are just really bad at talking.
They're good at school work.
I think that's what it is.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Could be.
Well, I think, you know, you basically have to just memorize what they're teaching you.
That's, that doesn't require a lot of critical thinking.
Yeah.
And then when you have to think on your own and say, what is from the river to the sea mean?
Yeah.
What river are we talking about?
And what does that mean?
What happens to the Jews that live there?
Where do they go?
[1:01:05] They go back to Germany?
Like what are you saying?
That's an interesting phrase.
I will say that you talk about Kamos and the Israeli conflict now.
And I mean, there's a minefield here.
Actually, what am I managing directors for my company, Portman Square Group, for all your information and security needs.
Thank you One of the mansion directors said knew that I was I was gonna sit back down with you and they said look I know you're probably gonna want to talk about Hamas.
Is there any way you can do it right without pissing off people And that's cute.
Yeah, I know that's what I thought right so you want me to talk about the Israeli You know Palestinian issue without upsetting somebody yeah, don't think, and she's a brilliant person, but I don't think that's gonna happen.
But I will say it is, it's obviously it's complex, but it's complex in part because it's not absolute, right?
And everybody talks in absolutes when it comes to this, right?
Mm-hmm.
[1:02:00] It's a Palestinian, Hamas is a terrorist organization, so fuck them.
But it's it's it's it's it's it's Hamas and it's a Palestinian Hamas is a terrorist organization So fuck them, but it's it's a Palestinian problem or it's the Israeli problem You know what if you look at their history, right?
There's problems on both sides right and no and and yet we talk about it like it's black and white And one of the other right and you're never gonna get this problem's never probably gonna get solved in our lifetimes anyway but it is It is disturbing when you hear some of the kids, the actual students I mean, try to explain what this is, right, and what this problem is and talk to me about the river to the sea.
Which, again, you can say that phrase in 10 different circumstances, it's going to be 10 different things to 10 different people, right?
And that's legitimate.
You have to understand that that's, okay, I get it.
The Israelis view that as like you're talking for a destruction, genocide of Israelis, right?
Cause that's a destruction of a group, right?
Not a war crime or something, [1:03:00] not crime against humanity.
Genocide is your intent is to destroy the group, right?
And so they they'll see that.
Palestinians, some Palestinians, not Khamas, some of them are chartered.
They know what River to the sea means, right?
It's it's it's you know it's taking over that entire territory and you know fuck Israelis.
But Palestinians can say it and it means something else.
It's a yearning for whatever freedom freedom for a homeland.
So there are variances in it.
But that never gets discussed sometimes because people are just screaming at each other like every other fucking subject out there.
Right.
That is the issue, right?
And then of course, when you are on a college campus and all this is being encouraged by these groups that are funded, then you seem like if you want to be a good person, you have to be a part of this group, you have to go there and be a part of this protest and we see a lot of that.
Yeah.
They're just there because they think they're supposed to be a good person to be there and they want to make all their friends think they're a good person.
They're carrying around signs and yelling out these things.
Got the kefion and they're like, hey, look at me.
[1:04:05] I'm in the encampment.
I don't know what the fuck I'm doing here, but.
Meanwhile, it is a fascinating time if they allowed debates.
Because if you could see a pro-Israeli and a pro-Palestinian debate, like a real legitimate honest intellectual debate and discussing all the various issues like from the beginning of the formation of Israel to back in the history of the land and then what's going on today all the treaties all the different things that have happened all the different peace talks that would be a fascinating opportunity for people to hear both sides of this conflict and and try to get a better understanding of it, instead of just running out there with signs and camping on the lawn.
It's a good deal.
You use it by the way.
And these places of higher education are supposed to be where these difficult conversations get sorted out.
Exactly.
Because you're supposed to have the smartest minds.
And to bring in the smartest minds from either side, there's brilliant people that approach really [1:05:01] and brilliant people that are pro-Palestine, they're brilliant.
And if you can get them together and have them sort out your details, all the people in the audience can get a better, more informed understanding of how complex this conflict is.
And that is supposed to be what universities are for.
That's what it should be.
It should be a place where people can sit down and learn something about something very difficult, which is international conflict.
These crazy moments in history where we get entwined with military conflicts that are happening all over the world, and it's nowhere near you.
And it's complicated shit, man.
And to just run out there with a sign because these fuckers are organizing this on campus.
It messes everything up.
It messes up everybody and to have only one side's perspective heard, messes up everybody, the whole thing's a mess, man.
Well, I think that the students, for the most part, again, the actual students who have an affiliation with the universities, the pro-Hamas groups, the pro-Palestinian activists, they tend to view [1:06:10] the students, I believe, as essentially useful idiots, right?
Window dressing.
And it gives it a sort of a veneer of, as you'd point out before, sort of this organic grassroots movement that's sweeping the nation.
When in fact there's this underlying infrastructure that's always out there, trying to take advantage of opportunities like this in the chaos.
And then aside from that, then you've got this other 30,000 foot problem where you've got the Iranian regime and others who are promoting this and pushing for it.
Look, you know, Hezbollah, Hamas, they've got a lot of money.
They have, again, not to dispute out of rabbit hole, but the leaders of Hamas are extremely wealthy.
Ishmael Hanye and Mardezouk and Michelle, and the other cats, they have billions of dollars, [1:07:03] because for years, people say, well, how could that be possible?
Well, for billions, for years and years now, they have been receiving a great deal of money, conservative estimates from, you know, from Iranian regime, Hamas gets maybe a quarter billion a year, right?
Cutter, it appears, gives them even more than that.
There have been years when they've given about $400 million to Hamas for a variety of reasons, ostensibly.
Part of that money coming from Qatar is by agreement with Israel because part of it is for over the years the idea that you're buying quiet, buying peace.
So yes, and so there was a process in place to try to track that money right they came in just Same with the Palestinian Authority from over in the West Bank But that's a lot of money right not to mention even the the money going to unra Right and this is the same situation with Ukraine too, right?
We don't really know where it all goes And some of it definitely goes into pockets.
Yeah, yeah.
There's a guy, did you see that guy?
[1:08:06] I forget what his position is in Ukraine, but he's driving around in a Rolls Royce.
This fucking $600,000, he's driving around in a house.
He's driving around in a house.
He's got a fucking Rolls Royce, and he's got the only Rolls Royce in Ukraine.
This one, whatever it is, is it a specter?
Is that what it is?
Is it a phantom?
Maybe it's a phantom.
I'm Google.
Oh never.
Well, you got, I mean, it's a fucking doughnut car.
And that's been, but isn't that crazy?
It's like the scene in Goodfellas, where the guy has the Cadillac.
He goes, what What are you doing with this?
Did I tell you?
Did I tell you?
I told you.
That was a great scene.
What a great scene.
God.
Yeah.
It's...
You got a video that I do driving around in his Rolls Royce?
I got it before I'm from too far as it is.
In that car?
I don't know.
That's...
Arba saying this is false.
Go that.
no this is a real recent one driving around but it might be fake bank governor that might be fake it all might be fake yeah well you [1:09:09] Korean politician you crane politician rolls Royce write that right in Google politician crane rolls Royce politician because this videos go to videos I was I was news fake BBC news clip you videos, good of videos.
Oh, I was, I was news fake BBC news clip.
You created XR.
It's from a month ago.
Yeah.
XR, we cheap paid to leave you cream.
Now that's on it.
That's a different clip.
But this is, but this is a good example, right?
I mean, you're, you really got a dig.
You create protesters discover luxury cars.
Legitly belonging to.
President Sun.
Oh, allegedly belonging to president son 10 years ago okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, you know, listen, 2014 when the fucking coup happened well Ukraine has always had problems corruption yeah yeah, but I forget forget what this guy's position was but he was driving around [1:10:00] it's not Russell brand some guy has no idea Russell brand was Ukrainian is this it Rolls Roy Spector that's it with 600,000 Ukraine Practition politician pay with us.
You're looking as fucking car look at that car.
We look at that car That's it.
That's the video bro.
That's a house that guys driving around a house God damn it.
Is he driving in himself?
I wonder?
Of course he is that's a bold move right there.
Of course he is.
It's a beautiful car.
You know, you're gonna fucking drive that car.
You stole that money.
Hard work.
Well, and that's, again, yeah, when you talk about like what we're talking about money that goes to, to the Palestinian cause and gets filtered through Hamas and that's they better never carve off billions of dollars for themselves.
They're living big lives and cutter and Turkey.
But for themselves, they're living big lives and cutter and turkey.
But part of the problem with Ukraine has been, you know, in terms of, well, they've got big issues, right?
One of them has been explaining why it's important to the American people, right?
The administration hasn't really accomplished that yet, right?
[1:11:01] And trying to say, why are we doing this, right?
They should have been doing this in the very first flags in way their flags in congress yeah well yeah the way of the infini and flags yeah what you're saying yeah well they didn't know what explained it explain it here we go yeah but you remember the very beginning everybody had a Ukrainian flag on their right there house to see it in congress and passing that aid bills oh yeah who handed those out yeah yeah where'd you get those right exactly do you guys get those from home?
Who's telling you to wave those?
Got them from Amazon.
This whole thing seems coordinated.
You want to tell me about how this happened?
Plus also, where's the money go?
That's the other big issue is the transparency and how are we spending this money?
How are we spending your money?
The taxpayer's money.
And look, I fall down down the side of uh...
i don't want to see putin win and he will win we know without significant support that gets to the point where he feels so much pain he actually negotiate the settlement right we're not gonna get to a victory in this war that's bullshit the idea that your crane is going to win the war and claim all the territory bullshit not gonna happen you think they're gonna [1:12:00] reclaim Crimea really putin's gonna give that right?
He'll probably go to tactical nuclear weapons on the battlefield before he does that, right?
And so you've gotta get, but you've gotta hurt him enough so that he says, oh, fuck it, okay.
Because if he's hurt enough, that means at home he's facing some descent, right?
And that's the big thing for him.
He doesn't want, you know, he just wants to hold on to power, right?
He wants to- I hear two versions of what's going on.
I hear the war has already been won by Russia, and Ukraine is down to like a minimum amount of soldiers.
They've lost half a million people, rough estimates, like no one really knows what the real estimates are.
And then I've heard other stories where Ukraine is actually doing much better than people think, and Russia has hemorrhaged people because they're essentially just sending people into the front line.
They send prisoners and they're just using bodies to win this.
Well, both sides are accurate.
Both sides are true.
So yeah, Ukraine has been hurting.
[1:13:01] They have a, what?
Russia's got a three to one manpower advantage in terms of population, right?
What they can, what they can do to recruit and put more people on the battlefield.
And Russia has a, no problem with sort of a meat grinder strategy, right?
Just throw bodies at it, right?
Just, and the stats on fatalities, on casualties on both sides are completely bullshit.
There's no transparency, really.
And it's kind of understandable why.
You don't want to tell the other side how many soldiers you've lost or injured Zelensky came out a while back and said you know we've suffered 31,000 you know fatalities on the battlefield It's higher than that and and it's higher on the on the Russian side right because of their strategy in the way they just You know Putin doesn't really care so we throws bodies at it The Russians are making headway on the east right and they are making an effort to push through those Putin doesn't really care.
So he throws bodies at it.
The Russians are making headway on the east, right?
And they are making an effort to push through those frontline defenses that Ukraine has up on the eastern side of Ukraine.
And the lack of armaments, the lack of munitions, while Congress and the U.S.
couldn't figure [1:14:02] out what they wanted to do, That was a decided problem for Ukraine.
If that continued, then yeah, Russia will win.
They will push through and they will eventually end up in Kiev.
Look, Putin's already engaged in shenanigans in Moldova, in Georgia.
They're working very hard behind the scenes in Georgia, right, to split Georgia away from the EU, right?
And that's because they're worried that Georgia could eventually, you know, be part of the European Union and they don't want that.
And so they're engaged in all sorts of activity there off the radar, which they do very well, right?
Well, disinformation and political influence campaigns, instilling personnel that are, there's a party there in Georgia, the Georgia Dream Party or something.
That's pro-Cremlin.
And they're pushing very hard on a variety of fronts, they're pushing a bill that's sort of like a foreign agent bill, which is a part of, it's a Russian tactic, right?
[1:15:01] To basically, you know, a single out anybody who's got foreign influence or foreign involvement and that could be NGOs it could be media independent media and the Russians have used that foreign agent bill very successfully so but but I get my point is that it depends on your on your thought process if you think that no, Putin takes Ukraine who gives a fuck, right?
And that's all, that's all it's gonna happen.
He's not gonna try to reconstitute the former Soviet Union in some fashion by going after a couple other states, right?
He wants a buffer zone with the West, which is what the Soviet Union was, right?
He wants to rebuild that in some fashion, not the same, right?
But in some fashion.
So my experiences and other people are different.
So that's why you end up with differing opinions and, you know, God bless.
But, you know, mine is that he's not going to stop there.
So what my belief is, you've got to hurt him enough, get him to the table and call it good.
[1:16:00] And that good may look a lot like the way things were, and in 2022 when they started the invasion, and that's gonna be unsatisfying to a lot of people, but at least you end the fucking conflict, right?
And fine, but I think that's where this goes.
The idea that the only outright winner will be Putin, if we back off and say we're not gonna provide you with certain armaments, certain weapons, to allow you to inflict enough pain to stop this.
And this is a incredibly complex and dynamic environment because the US is the White House, the Biden administration is pushing very hard on Zelensky to not attack any targets inside of Russia.
The Ukrainian military is like, well, fuck it.
Why aren't we attacking Russian oil refineries, right?
An energy infrastructure like the Russians are doing inside Ukraine.
That's been a tactic of the Russian military for quite some time now, right?
Yeah, because it impacts morale of the population, [1:17:04] it demoralizes people.
So the Ukrainian military saying, do that, the White House is saying, no, we don't wanna escalate.
So don't do that, right?
Now, the other side of that coin is, if you fuck over the Russian energy infrastructure, what does that do to oil prices around the world?
And what does it do to gas prices at the pump when you're in an election year?
And I wanna, I don't want to I don't be a conspiracy theorist, but but then you got the Europeans and You know my cron is over there saying well, you know if Keith asks we you know I can see putting French troops on the ground in Ukraine You trying to distract from the fact that his wife's a man, right?
I like that.
No, it's still a wildest one.
Yeah.
Ever heard.
Yeah.
The fact that Candace Owen is like, I staked my reputation on this.
Like, are you fucking sure?
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's just where you want to go.
Is this is this how you want to be known?
I'm so confused by that one.
Oh, God.
I've tried.
I've tried to [1:18:02] look into that one.
I really have.
And to my own embarrassment, I've looked into it.
Yeah.
My point is like this person, this woman that he's married to, even, even, even, even if it's a man.
Yeah.
The real problem is they had a relationship when McCron was 15.
Yeah, and she was 39 That by itself is wild yeah because if it was the opposite it was a 39 year old man Who is a teacher and a 15 year old girl was a student?
Yeah, this would be horrific Everybody would be up in arms.
Well, the greatest line about that is, what was his name, Berlusconi, right?
The old Italian prime minister, someone asked him what he thought of, of McCrones' wife and he says, well, he's got a good-looking mom, Dudney.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha nine gag which is like, they found the Venn number and the Venn number was to a car from last year.
[1:19:27] So I don't know that it makes, maybe that makes sense that this is the plate.
The plate number is to a car from last year and this story was saying that it's for a new, like a brand new car.
It's the same.
Yeah, but those are hard to get.
The first electric specter and yeah, yeah, but those are hard to get like you there's 2020 23s that are for sale right now Like you don't it's like like when I got a If you go looking for one like I got a Nissan a GTR I had to get a 2023 2024s weren't available right like when I got it so that could be yeah, you get a Nismo So it's if you get one of those Rolls Roy spectrums, those are fucking hard to get, dude.
[1:20:05] And a brand new one, that's a 2023 with zero miles on it, could be what you're buying new.
And I'll tell you one thing, this guy could have, he could have carved this money out, corruptly from a variety of sources over the years, right?
So this is a lot of ways to make the money.
Yeah, the bottom line is like, good bitches with me car Look at this car.
That's a really good accent.
That's a very good accent.
This is basically your house You know with the right this is multiple of your house with the right disguise you could work the streets of Ukraine I can be you Korean wrestler Give me a cauliflower here I walk around like I mean a hunch like I'm gonna do you shoot a double like like here and a hunch Yeah, um, I think that uh, there's definitely a lot of corruption over there and did that yeah I'm sure you saw that one thing we're canna so I was going back and forth to the New York Times When they were saying what evidence do you have of Ukraine being corrupt?
She's like oh, you mean your fucking newspaper stupid [1:21:04] Yeah, she said these these different articles about the rampant corruption in Ukraine.
It's been, I mean, it's decades, right?
And we've known that.
And we've known that.
But anywhere you've got vast sums of money coming in for a variety of reasons, which is again, well, I'm always astounded when people say, oh, there's no way that the three top leaders of Hamas are worth $11 billion collectively.
Okay, well even if it take a tenth of that, and you think about these guys running Hamas, which supposedly, I mean they've been governing since 2007, 2006, supposedly for the benefit of the Palestinian people, and they're sitting on billions of dollars and you think, and so that's why, you know, fuck them us.
And I understand the Israeli perspective, which is we can't allow them to retain control.
I get that, right?
I understand that operational perspective, right?
The problem is that you're not going to win the narrative.
[1:22:02] You're not going to win what's happening on the international stage.
And sometimes, you know, sometimes the Israeli government can act like they don't understand how public relations plays out, right?
I mean, this, this, like look at the past couple of days, what's happened?
So Hamas wasn't going to accept the ceasefire.
Hamas has turned down opportunities for a ceasefire, right?
They just, and they, okay, and then they say, okay, the other day, 48 hours ago, whatever they say, we're going to walk away from the negotiating table.
Fuck that, right?
Knowing, knowing that Israel is ready to do some, you know, limited operations in Rafa.
So, because they're not stupid, they've got a very good intelligence network, right?
And they've got a lot of, and so they understand what Israel's about to do, right?
They say, we're walking away from the negotiating table.
Israel says, okay, fine.
Everybody, you know, evacuate Eastern Rafa, you know, we're gonna engage in some targeted strikes against Hamas targets that we've identified.
Hamas turns around, shortly thereafter, and says, ah, we accept a peace proposal, a ceasefire proposal from Egypt and Qatar.
[1:23:07] So look at us, we're accepting a ceasefire proposal.
And Israel's moving on Rafa, right?
That's a, you know, on one hand, that's a brilliant communication strategy, right?
Now you've won the day on the international stage and exactly what they knew would happen.
Just like what they knew would happen after the seven October strikes, they knew what was going to happen.
They knew that civilians were going to die, right?
They understood that.
And again, everybody's got their own opinion.
Minus Hamas doesn't give a shit about dead Palestinians.
In fact, that's their currency.
That's how they, that's how they work the game.
And so they understood what was going to happen.
Israel was in a bind.
They got a respond.
They're in an urban environment.
It is fucked up, right?
And too many people have died, right?
I don't necessarily believe the Hamas run Gaza Health Ministry in terms of their statistics and also they don't separate out how many you know how many combatants were killed [1:24:03] Right?
They just like oh 34,000 people have died.
So people imagine, oh my God, 34,000 civilians.
Well, thousands and thousands of those people are fighters or homophilers, right?
Again, it's horrible.
I'm not saying it's not.
It's awful, right?
And both sides have, or problematic here.
But what I am saying is, homos has a much better communications, public relations, operation.
So they knew what Israel was about to do.
They claimed, oh, we accept the ceasefire.
The ceasefire was completely different from what had been presented, you know, by Israel and to Israel, right?
Just during the past 48 hours, they say, no, this thing is not what we've been talking about.
We don't accept it.
So now they've moved in on Rafa and they've lost yet again the We don't accept it.
So now they've moved in on Rafa, and they've lost yet again the narrative on the world stage.
So now they're the ones who are causing problems.
Anyway, so it's kind of fun.
But again, the point is, it's also when all that money is sloshing around, of course you're going to have people who are benefiting from it.
And in this case, it's people like, you know, Hanyye who can sit and cut her with all that money.
[1:25:07] And what are they worried about?
They're worried about losing a revenue stream, right?
They know that if Hamas is destroyed, you think Iran's gonna continue giving them a quarter billion dollars a year, or Qatar's gonna allow them to live this lavish lifestyle and give them the money, or they're gonna continue to be able to extract taxes from money coming in, or from goods coming in to Gaza, or put tariffs on things coming in to the tunnels, a contraband?
No.
So, in part, it never changes, right?
Where there's situations like this, whether it's there, whether it's Ukraine, wherever.
Yeah, you're gonna get this, right?
You're gonna get this level of corruption.
And so I'm not surprised at all when people are worried about or concerned about what's going on with Ukraine and we give them another $61 billion and how much is that as ending up in pockets.
But I argue that that's part of the problem that the government, the US government has faced.
They haven't done their job.
[1:26:02] They haven't provided as much transparency as possible and accountability to the American public and so you lose the support of the American public who had been just two years ago waving their fucking flags and putting Ukrainian flags on their Twitter sites and all the rest of that bullshit.
Yeah.
Anyway, what do you think happens to Gaza if you had a guess.
Look, this, you can go back to the Romans, right, putting down a Jewish uprising in Judea, which is essentially Jerusalem area, West Bank.
They call it the West Bank now, and, you know, Israel is still called Judea.
Do I think the problem's going to be solved now?
In the short term, will the conflict end?
Yes.
But then what happens to all that area that's been destroyed?
I got to rebuild it, right?
And who rebuilt it?
Well, they've been trying to put together an Arab States coalition of countries that [1:27:01] would then be responsible for a couple of things.
The rebuilding of the infrastructure and also security, right?
Because again, no ceasefire, no permanent ceasefire is going to be accepted that allows Hamas to be the governing authority there, right?
So the U.S.
has been pushing very hard to have the Palestinian Authority, right?
Run by Mark Moudibas, who's been in charge of the Palestinian Authority for 20 years now.
And he's not popular in Gaza, right?
They were kicked out.
I mean, they were, well, there's been a rift with the Palestinian groups factions for some time.
You go back to, when was a PLO?
PLO was, PLO was started in like early 70s, right?
Yasser Airfat, remember him.
Looked a lot like Ringo Star and they would never photograph together, so I still think there's something there.
I was gonna investigate that on the like season of Black Files.
Yeah, small mustache.
Yeah, it's cost him a lot of like yeah, I would be able to tell if they were in a room together [1:28:07] Yeah, but they never were this my point.
Well, I would he be Fuck you doing hang out the yasser air fat.
Well air fat was a he was he loved music Um, who doesn't he doesn't got the Beatles were great, but anyway, so Yasser fat PLO gets put together.
See what I'm talking about?
Look at his nose, Ringo's nose is clear.
He's more Arab.
He looks smaller Yosser, the Yosser, the Yosser, the Yosser effect does.
That doesn't mean, doesn't he?
Maybe we're running something.
I mean, come on, dog.
This is what, but you see what I'm talking about, look.
Look, pretty fucking similar you changed the sunglasses yeah just yeah a little c.i.a.
disguise but yasser could not play the drums the way ringo make you do play dumb yeah maybe didn't want to throw everybody off to my boys the oldest uh...
scooter in the youngest mugs they play drums they play drums for a long time they're very good both of them uh...
mugs in particular loves the Beatles right and and he'll tell you he said [1:29:02] ringo is completely underrated as a drummer right I'm and you know not in the drumming world they all know he's great but in the music world He's kind of underrated period is an important part of the Beatles I never understood why they decide that guy sucks Yeah, yeah He was never the Beatles come on fuck's wrong with you.
He married Barbara Bach.
What do you want?
Yeah?
Well, yeah, he did well She's not only to Catherine Bock is she?
Do I sound like an idiot if I say who's Catherine Bock?
From the Duke's hazard, Daisy Duke dude.
That was Catherine Bock.
Yeah.
See?
She knows.
What was the other guy?
What was it?
There was like Kudder and Skeeter and Bo and Luke Duke.
And then there was Roscoe Pete Coltrane.
He was the sheriff.
And then there was Roscoe Pete Coltrane.
But then there was Cuder and the garage.
Damn it, I knew there was a Cuder in there.
And then there was Boss Hog.
That's right.
Boss Hog was the man.
[1:30:01] They don't make TV like that anymore.
No.
You can't even show that show anymore because the Confederate flag on the roof of the general Lee they have to wear that out.
Yeah, they blurt out.
Yeah, no, no, you know, do they handle that with this?
CGI that now so you can still watch that show Because I there's car shows that what they do yeah, I think so because there's car shows where you can't go if you got a generally.
Because if you have a real like, they used to do the O1 on a side.
Yeah, yeah.
See?
That's what it used to look like.
Yeah, that's right.
Amazon considers pulling Deuxa Hazard from video because of the Confederate flag.
But didn't they CGI out the Confederate flag for the show?
CGI out.
Oh, Confederate flag.
Yeah, I removeeterate Flag.
G-I, Remove Flag.
Yeah, Google Remove Flag.
Remove Flag.
Consumer products divisions decided to cease licensing replicas of Duke Zahazard, generally.
[1:31:00] Okay, that makes sense.
Remove the flag.
Warner Brothers announces removal of Confederate flag from the Dukes of Hazard.
Okay.
They were removing it.
From all merchandise.
Okay.
Not on the show.
Not on the old video.
Up until eight years ago, they sold Confederate flags.
You know what they could do.
They could, they could, if they want to renew the license on that thing, they just put an LGBTQ plus whatever flag on top of there it is kind of TV land polls dukes a hazard amid confederate I heard that they were gonna put it back up and CGI the flag off I like the people are apparently having enough time on the hands of worry about this shit I think I like you know what offends me what's this fucking generally it's kind of bizarre how they didn't think that was offensive in the 80s right right this a lot of shows you couldn't remember Starski and Hutch.
Remember Huggy Bear, the, I think he was a pimp on Starski and Hutch.
You couldn't get away with that shit anymore.
That's right.
So, Huggy Bear for Huggy Bear.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, anyway, moving back to the PLL, so back then, part of the riff between the Palestinian Authority and Hamas, [1:32:11] it came out of the first Infra-Stat-Intifada in like 80, whatever, 87.
But they took exception with Yasser Efeb because he basically denounced violence, right, as a way to attain, you know, the Palestinian objectives and goals and everything.
He was like, okay, and he, you know, remember, he was involved in signing some piece of chords and Madrid and Oslo chords and everything.
And so, so Hamas, you know, in their charter basically is like, no, she had this the way to go.
Violence is the way that we're going to, you know, it's liberation, not negotiation.
They have all these sayings in their charter, right, about this.
And so anyway, but there have been problems.
And eventually they had an election in what year was it?
2006, I think, in Gaza.
And Fatah, Yasser Afrat's party, the PLO party, [1:33:02] was up and was expected to win, didn't win, Hamas won, and during the course of the next year, they actually got into a war between Hamas and PLO or Palestinian Authority, Hamas booted him out, so they govern.
So when you think about Palestine or the Palestinian state or whatever it is, you've actually got two completely separate entities.
You've got Gaza run by Hamasamos and you've got the West Bank, right, run by Mahmoud Abbas and the Palestinian Authority.
So is the Palestinian Authority in the West Bank are they popular there?
Yeah, they're popular enough.
Yeah, they're popular.
They continue to govern, right?
They continue to be in charge.
And so is really objective that the Palestinian Authority Control all of Palestine no they don't see that's that's where it comes in the US Secretary Blankin and others have been pushing this idea that somehow the Palestinian Authority will will be the governing body and in Gaza and [1:34:02] You know, Gazans look at them.
They don't necessarily, you know, they don't want that.
He's actually less popular, Mahmoud Abbas is less popular now than he was even before the 7 October attacks.
And Israel is saying no, look, you know, Abbas and the Palestinian Authority, they haven't even denounced the attacks of 7 October, right?
We don't want them, it's like, in their their mind It's almost like just trading one for the other right if they're the governing authority So I think when you say what it's gonna look like You know, it's probably gonna be and Israel said we don't want to occupy this shit They stopped occupying guys in 2005 right they were like You know done now they still controlled the border and they control the coastline right and the one crossing those basically two crossings there line, right?
And the one crossing those, basically two crossings there.
Karim Shalom crossing with Israel and Gaza.
And there's a Rafa crossing.
But, you know, they're saying, no, we don't want them governing.
So it could end up looking like a some type of UN Arab states type of [1:35:01] coalition, right?
That then is there and they're responsible for security of Gaza and they're responsible for, you know, they're rebuilding effort.
But he has a long ways to go, right?
To get there.
So Israel is not trying to take over Gaza.
They don't want it.
Yeah, they got, look, you have to go by.
Is it kind of like leveled it?
They kind of leveled it.
Yeah, I mean, they just look, and people cry genocide, they're saying genocide, you can debate the meaning of genocide, but typically in terms of academia, and people that talk about these things, you've got war crimes, you've got crimes against humanity, you've got genocide, and they all mean different things, right?
Israel wants to destroy Hamas, right?
There, you have to ask yourself, is there intent to destroy all Palestinian people as a group to just get rid of them?
Is it like what they tried to do with the Armenians all those years ago or, you know, the German effort against the Jews?
[1:36:00] I mean, they said, is that what they intend to get to make this group disappear?
Or is there intent to destroy Hamas a terrorist organization That has been attacking them and continues to attack them and it's in their charter because it's in the Iranian regime's objective And in their mind is to remove Israel you could argue what Iranian regime wants to do is genocide, right?
They want to remove Israel, right?
That's pretty much the definition of genocide so again it depends on how you but those are just a little disproportionate amount of military power uh well yes all again between the two of course yeah yeah and but you have to say okay are we are we lumping Hamas into the the Iranian proxy network they built a belt of terrorist organizations right whether it's a Islamic jihad Palestinian Islamic jihad or Hamas or the Houthis or the khazbalah of north they've created this network of proxies designed with the objective of removing [1:37:00] Israel at some point right because that's the stated purpose of the Iranian regime they you know they want the destruction of Israel so So, you know, you could argue, well, look, all of that together, that's the military power, or is it just this one group?
Now, you know, in a confined sense, yes, of course, Israel's got far more military power than Hamas as an organization, right?
And again, it doesn't You know, it's not it's it's not one thing or the other It's horrible what the Palestinians civilians go through and have been going through you could also argue that Hamas knows exactly what they were going to go through when they when they instituted they instigated the attacks They did get support and training from the Iranian regime so the Iranian regime knew what was going to happen Right, so what do you think the knew what was going to happen.
Right?
So what do you think the state, what is the purpose of the attacks?
The attacks are not just to kill those 1200 people.
No.
It's not.
No, you're absolutely right.
And part of it is tied to the desire to scuttle the Abraham Accords and the potential normalization of relations between Saudis [1:38:10] and Israel.
That really worries them, right?
And Ismail Hanyye came out, head of the political wing of Hamas, came out after the attacks and talked about this and glorified the attacks and also said that, look, this, you know, people, our Arab brothers, our Arab states, should realize that Israel is not, you know, is not, you will have no peace, basically, with negotiations and with relationships.
So he was clear in the way that he put it that you know He was sending a message to the Arab states about this idea of normalizing relations with Israel so That was part of it part of the desire was to do was to tank those discussions which were Pretty well underway right and now are back again, right?
They they they kind of took them off the table for a while, but the Saudis and the US [1:39:04] have been having some pretty good discussions recently over the normalization of all of this.
I think the Arab states, look, Bahrain and Morocco and others all understand too, that long-term stability down the road is going to come from normalization of relationships and some long-term ability to have peace, which is part of the problem.
They don't want.
That's why they don't take Palestinian, they're worried about the Palestinian refugees.
You say, well, why doesn't Egypt so hope around the crossing and set up a refugee camp across the way from the Ralph of Crossing?
Well, in part because they're worried about the wrong security.
Egypt has been building a big wall.
They've been adding to their wall down along their border with Gaza Strip.
So, you know, they formed the PLO.
Egypt was in charge of the PLO.
All those years ago, back in the early 70s, right?
You know they were essentially the leaders they put in place and in the PLO all those years ago [1:40:07] We're basically just puppets for Egypt, right?
And part of the reason why they were putting those people in place was because they wanted to minimize sort of the radical Islamic extremist actions, right?
And the acts that they took against Israel because they wanted stability They did the families down there, right?
Whether it's Qatar or the Saudis or the Egyptians or whatever.
They're just as worried about radical Islam, right?
And the potential for them to lose control and to lose power, as are the Israelis and others in a sense, right?
Not necessarily from the physical sense, but they've attacked, you know, our families before or leaders before.
So it's a complex problem.
I guess what I'm saying is there's a lot of Moving parts here and sometimes it all just gets you know thrown into one simple-minded argument, right?
It's good or it's bad.
Israel's committing genocide, you know You know Palestinian people are terrible.
No, it's there's so much fucking more to this so [1:41:01] Again, you know, I don't know that there's any solution that that will be long long term Committed peace in the region in our lifetime, but in the short term, I think you know the conflict when it's wrapped up I don't see how it ends with Hamas still being in control of Gaza I don't I think that's a red line for The Israeli government now maybe Netanyahu doesn't last as a leader of the government and somebody like Benny Gantz takes over and they're more inclined to say now you know what just for the sake of some peace right now you know it's just call it quits but it could happen.
He's got Netanyahu, he's got a lot of internal issues, political issues, right?
So, but I think...
Well, that's something that we talked about before, the people protesting on the street for months, hundreds of thousands of people protesting on the streets, about Nenyao who expanding power with their courts.
[1:42:00] Yeah, and I think that if there's...
Look, if there's a changing government Fine they do what they're gonna do.
I just I just think that You know from an operational perspective And this is just operation.
I'm not talking about the moral the ethics of the whole thing of people dying all this I'm just saying from an operational perspective Leaving Hamas in place isn't gonna create any Even midterm peace is it possible for them to get Hamas in place isn't gonna create any even midterm peace.
Is it possible for them to get Hamas out?
It is possible to do what they're doing, just bomb the shit out of everything.
Well, they do a lot of targeted strikes.
They do a lot of, yeah, it's fucking ugly, right?
You can't show code any of this and say, well, they're just like, I say, when I say targeted strikes, I'm not saying it's all very surgical and people aren't getting out.
And of course, people are dying.
But, and you're not gonna remove them.
You can't get down to zero some here.
It's like counterterrorism.
You never reduce the risk down to zero.
So when you're talking about Hamas, you can't destroy them in the concept they're all dead, right?
Because the leaders are like I said, they're fat and happy sitting in Qatar and Turkey [1:43:06] and elsewhere.
That's where they're hiding.
They're not even hiding, right?
They're guests.
This is how fucked up some of these Middle East problems are, they're guests of the Katari government, right?
They, and we know they're there.
And so did they go there when the conflict started?
No, no, no, no, these guys have been living abroad for years.
Right?
They've been living abroad for years.
And in part because, look, Hamas runs a network of businesses and charitable organizations just like Hasbalad does.
Hasbalad's got a global presence.
Right?
So, but they're sitting over there in a country that is also one of our key non-nado allies.
So we have our largest Middle East base there, in Qatar.
And so it's only just recently, and I recently is like the past week or so, where the US is broached the idea of say, look, if Hamas doesn't accept a ceasefire, [1:44:02] then the Qatar government needs to move these people out.
They need to expel them, right?
And whether the Cotari government would do that or not, because they're playing all sides, right?
The Cotari government does, you know, they've hosted the Taliban, they've hosted ISIS leaders.
Nice parties.
Nice party, great party.
We're in party to host.
The canopies are delicious.
It's a lovely time in the conversation.
And so, you know, it's a, so it is, I'm just trying to paint the picture that it's more complicated than somebody sitting on a campus at UCLA might imagine.
Right.
Right.
And to your point, it deserves more debate.
It deserves more intellectual open conversation, right?
Not necessarily when you talk about who's right and who's wrong.
How about focus on how do we fucking solve the problem, right?
If, and the problem is maybe intractable.
If the problem's a two-state solution, [1:45:02] then maybe, you know, this thing is just never, never gonna work because, you know, maybe a two-state solution is the best idea you know, this thing is just never, never going to work, because, you know, maybe a two-state solution is the best idea, but if one side or the other is not going to accept it, and both sides have pushed back against it at various times, then, you know, what do you got?
Where's it going?
The thing is, like, most people never get to hear this, like, wide-ranging perspective, like you just laid out with all the different factors.
I'm sure there's more factors.
But all the different, you know, significant pieces that are in play here.
Yeah, and I think that's, but the same thing happens with every major issue, right?
Because again, if you turn on the news, you get a three-minute piece of news about a major crisis happening, right?
Like the Ukraine, the conflict, whatever.
So, and, you know, not everybody wants to sit and listen, you know, to details about, like an Israel and Hamas or once a Ukraine and or, you know, what Iran's doing with their nuclear weapons program or whatever, but we tend to have ADHD as a nation, I think.
[1:46:10] And so, again, people are busy, people are just focused on other things.
But it deserves more conversation, it deserves more detail and not the bullshit that gets thrown out there from one side or the other, right?
Sort of the hard edges, right?
Or the shit that comes in from outside elements like the Chinese, the Russians, the Iranians who don't have our best interests at heart.
And, you know, so again, we keep going back to the same thing.
If people aren't curious and they don't take the fucking responsibility upon themselves to understand what it is that they're listening to is it verifiable is incredible.
Whatever.
Get a balance of news.
Don't just sit and get in with silo and listen to shit because you agree with it.
Have a conversation with somebody who disagrees with it.
That's very interesting.
Yeah.
It is.
It's very valuable too.
[1:47:00] If you have the ability to just let someone talk and engage them and not get upset and angry, just why do you think that?
What do you think about this?
And just have a, I mean that used to be an admirable trait.
Well, I think that's why you're blowing smoke up your ass, but that's why I think that your show works, right?
It's because you have conversations and you piss people off.
Because I think sometimes people have a hard time putting you in a box, right?
And that makes people uncomfortable.
If they think, you know, okay, I know where he's coming from and then you have a conversation where you're listening to something completely on the other side, right?
And you're not just saying, that can piss people off right because Everybody wants to to to to identify make a quick judgment and say move on yeah, yeah, and judging is a lot easier than thinking It is a lot easier.
It's super simple [1:48:06] Thinking is fucking complicated especially when you're dealing with layers upon layers decades and generations of conflict, like you are in Gaza and Palestine.
Yeah, Israel.
It's nuts.
Yeah, I don't know where it's gonna, I mean, again, I think the US is in an interesting position.
They're not the key mediator here, right?
They're not the, you know, they can exert pressure on Israel to some degree.
But Israel's been very clear and said, look, this is existential for us, right?
If the shoe was on the other foot, if it was the US, it was facing this sort of threat.
Right, if we were talking about Mexico.
Right, we're Canada.
Canada is a threat.
Yeah, but Canada is too close.
Yeah, at least Mexican speaks Spanish.
It's easier to that's that Yeah, meanwhile, the way more Mexicans over here than our Canadians, right?
I don't know I don't know if I trust the Canadians I think they're coming across the border at night when we don't see them I think they're in a cult.
Yeah, yeah, that fucking true does [1:49:01] Yeah, the fact that they voted that guy in again is mind blowing.
Like how what are you fucking paying attention?
Your country's literally falling apart and you guys are so wrapped up in one ideology or another you don't course correct.
Yeah.
You know, it's like if Newsom was the governor, not just the governor of California, but if he was the president.
He was running the same policies on our country.
don't know he was he was thrown out there as i said i mean now that they moved off of pete boudagian some others but now he's he's still a winnable boudagian is incompetent is unwinnable well you could argue that new sim also is incompetent 100 percent but that's slick fucker you know i think they were trying him for a little while, but then they decided to just run it with Biden again, which is just absolutely wild.
Absolutely wild.
Well, I was pretty convinced that this was gonna be the month they were gonna remove Biden.
I was like, yeah, I was like, I think May, I talked to Tim Dillon about it, he put that idea in my head, and I think I was like, you know what, that totally makes sense.
May seems like it makes sense.
Because if you're gonna really get a new guy in place, if Biden is like, you guys, I got a problem, [1:50:07] is the thing to be here on the sidelines, I'm gonna work really close with Governor Newsom.
And I think it's like, I don't know.
For more years, pause.
Pause, pause.
That was actually brilliant.
It's fucking crazy.
It's fucking crazy that these people are gaslighting us to save the subject.
But they can't move him out.
Right.
If they move him out, they got to move Kamala Harris out, right?
Or they got to elevate her to the top of the ticket.
Which is nuts.
That's not gonna happen.
Well, I know of you.
You have to be the nuttiest fucking Democrat.
And I know of those.
How do you get to that point?
How do you get to that point?
You're retarded.
You just completely get it in.
There's no critical thinking at all.
And you're just fucking blue no matter who.
You ride or die.
Well, that's what I mean, I assume that they've looked at the scenarios and they thought to themselves, we can't have Biden step down and put somebody else at the top of the ticket.
[1:51:07] So we've got to clear the ticket entirely, right?
Because we can't run Kamala Harris as the presidential candidate.
So and we certainly can't bring in Newsom a white dude to run the top of the ticket and keep her in place, right?
That's not an op that goes.
Well, she's just not valuable in that spot she doesn't gain you it doesn't get confidence that will have a great vice president if he kicks the bucket and bro how are they keeping him a lot yeah what are they giving him and where do I get it well she'll be she'll be present yet what are you going to ease on yeah I want to try as an able-bodied man of complete control of my cognitive functions.
I'd like to know what that fucking cocktail is like.
I was going to say the cocktail that they gave him before the state of the union of yours.
Whatever they gave him then, right, that fired him up just long enough to make it through.
Yeah, it's long enough.
Boy, he must have slept for a week after that.
I bet God.
I bet it's some high-dose stuff, whatever it is.
And I bet it feels great.
Yeah, yeah, in the moment.
[1:52:06] And then I think it's probably a, it's probably a come down.
Oh boy.
But yeah.
But no, so yeah, so she, she'll be president.
This is my theory.
I know I've lost bet with you before on Trump.
But I worry that, look, I think, you know, the Republicans can't really go after Biden's age completely only because Trump is what, 78.
Right, but he's not as compromise.
No, absolutely not.
Right, and that's absolutely true.
But I just, I think that what's going to happen is that you have to have a perfect storm for Trump to win in terms of the independence, right?
And suburban moms and you have to have enough people come back into the tent, right?
To vote for him.
And I just I don't know that I have enough confidence that that's gonna happen.
So we end up with President Biden and Harris again, which means we will have President Harris.
[1:53:03] I hate to say that, right?
You No, you wish well on everybody, right?
Good health and all that.
But come on, come on, come on, please.
Are you kidding me?
Come on.
It's not gonna, two years into this next 10 years.
But it isn't president.
Trump ahead in a lot of polls in two states.
He is, but again, I don't know that I'd make bank on polls nowadays.
I think it's, this is going to sound like I'm going off topic, but after the 7 October attacks in Gaza, I think that the survey was done in maybe January and February timeframe.
They released it in March.
So a Palestinian research center based in Ramallah, I think, in Gaza.
I forget where it was, but anyway, they ran a survey.
And according to this poll that they did of residents of Gaza, over 70% supported Hamas's [1:54:00] seven-october attacks.
Over 70% supported Hamas attacks.
It was a minuscule amount that thought that Hamas was responsible for their troubles, right?
It's like less than 10% I think they thought that Hamas was responsible for all the chaos now happening, right?
Despite the fact of what they did, but they supported what they did according to the poll.
Now you appeal that back and you think to yourself, okay, well first of all, the survey was done in Gaza.
So somebody knocks on your door and says, do you support Hamas's actions on 7 October?
What the fuck do you think I'm going to say?
Right.
Of course, I'm going to say yes.
It's kind of like if you walk up to somebody in San Francisco on a crowded street and say, do you do you support President Trump?
No.
You know, so I don't know that people are particularly honest right at times in surveys and polls, especially in these circumstances.
In these circumstances.
But but you're right.
Most surveys, most polls show them, uh, you know, some points ahead.
And, you know, don't get me wrong.
I'd, you know, I'd love to see less regulation.
[1:55:01] You know, we got all sorts of problems on the economic front and one thing we could be doing as a government is peeling back some of the regulatory environment that's fucking us over, right?
In a lot of ways, not just the economy, but it impacts our national security down the road.
How much when you hear about shenanigans when it comes to voting.
When you hear about, particularly corruption involved with mail-in ballots, it seems to be a sticking issue with people.
How much of a security issue is that?
Like the mail-in ballots thing?
Yeah, look, if there's an opportunity for fraud or chaos, some people somewhere, whether Democrats or Republicans or whatever, if there's a fraud opportunity, there will be an element that will try to play off of that.
Especially if they think that it's imperative that this happened for this future of democracy.
Future of democracy.
Oh my God, I'm saving the country, despite what I'm doing.
So, that's what we're doing, being very un-American.
Right, exactly.
[1:56:00] So, I don't have any insight or insight information about, you know, to what degree there's a problem with, with, with, mail-in ballots and voter fraud, but to me, I tend to be a little more simplistic.
I remember a lot of elections where you just show up, you show your ID, you fill out the form, and then by that evening, you found out who out who won.
It didn't seem to be that complicated.
And now, and nobody seemed really disenfranchised.
So I would like to see us just go back to the normal way of voting.
And do we vote on it?
How do people decide whether or not mail-in ballots are appropriate?
Because the reason why they were there in the first place was COVID.
Right.
Right.
But now that it's there and it's set up, now there's this resistance to get rid of mail-in ballots.
But if that is the thing that keeps us closer to corruption and it seems to be, that's the thing that's an element that you can fuck with.
[1:57:02] Right.
And you do this all the time in the business environment or whatever you look at your protocols in place, you remove lack of controls where fraud could seep in.
It's a common thing.
It shouldn't be difficult.
But so then you have to look at it with some skepticism.
Are you genuinely concerned that somehow there were vast swathes of the population that were disenfranchised and not able to vote or just can't get themselves an ID, which I think is an insulting stance to take for a lot of people.
You're not smart enough to get yourself an ID.
But you need one if you have a vaccine.
But you need one if you have a vaccine.
You need one if you want to work or from Sanoscopy yourself.
You need one.
But you need one if you have a vaccine, or you need one.
Or from Sanus Club yourself.
You need one, but you don't need one to vote, because that's racist.
So yeah, exactly.
Or something.
So I think, to me, it just seems like we should look at it from a perspective of the way that you would do it if you were running a business, which is I wanna minimize the potential opportunities for fraud.
How do I do that?
It's very fucking simple.
Seems fucking simple.
[1:58:05] You mean you can phrase it that way.
So, but that's not how they're doing it right now.
And is that something that can be voted on?
That's the question.
I like who decides to leave it up to the people you mean?
Well, who decides that mail-in ballots are still legitimate?
Well, I guess that was a federal or a state decision.
I think as I don't know, that's a very good question.
Yeah, I, who knows?
Cause I have friends that believe there was no voter fraud at all and I have friends that believe that 100% Trump won.
Yeah, yeah, I'm the same way.
I've got both sides and you think, okay, well look.
Someone's really wrong.
Well, and usually the answer is somewhere in that range, in the middle.
There's some fraud, was it enough to like, fuck things over?
Who knows?
I don't know, but again, I keep going back to the operational concerns, which is just minimize the potential for fraud.
[1:59:01] Maryland ballots have always been, Maryland ballots have been a thing, right?
You're serving overseas or whatever.
But there was a protocol for it and it was very straightforward and very clear.
And now, the concern over ballot harvesting and Maryland ballots and having months to get you to having weeks past before you know who won, right?
Yeah, talk about instilling skepticism over the credibility of your voting system.
Yeah.
Take weeks to figure out who won a fucking election.
Is there a real danger that Trump could win but lose, meaning that he could win the election but lose this court case?
Oh.
And literally have to go to jail while he's the president.
I mean, yeah.
This was the topic of discussion at the Rogan House today.
Was it?
all and literally have to go to jail while he's the president i mean yeah this was the topic of discussion at the rogan house today was it well it would try to figure out like because yeah he could he could he could he there's nothing that says he can government from jail it's a possible they've really let me say him in jail is is he in danger of [2:00:01] actually being put in a jail for these crimes of not, what did he do exactly?
He paid a lady off and I guess he did it in a secretive way or in a, well, he did it in the same way that Arnold Schwarzenegger did it.
Or he did it in the same way that a variety of people who are trying to suppress a bad PR story do it, right?
So I think the trial that's going on right now involving Stormy Daniels in New York was the least favorite trial of the Democrats or the most keen to see him put in prison, right?
They all felt as if this is probably not the one to start with, but they started with because Alvin Bragg was dead set on doing it, right?
He just like, I'm going to throw this out there.
And, you know, a variety of other entities had looked at that case and said, we're not going to push it forward.
And so they've put this forward.
I don't think there's anybody other than the hardcore Nevertrumpers, the people that are just desperate to see him in a jumpsuit who believe that there's any merit to it that the analysts that you watch [2:01:07] uh...
across the board even though the the hard left ones they tend to speak in caveats right like that you know they're not completely convinced that this was the way to go so i don't know but having said that if he gets convicted and if there's like some gatta go to prison, that sounds so fucking bizarre, how do we get to this point?
Then I don't know of any, any, you know, I don't know if anything gets said.
He can't, you know, continue to run or be elected.
What is being accused of is this generally a crime that people actually have to go to jail for?
No.
No.
Is that not a good idea for them?
No, they're trying to tie this in to sort of the campaign issue of campaign funds, influencing of the campaign.
That's what they're trying to tie it into.
Well, of course, he's trying to suppress a story, right?
[2:02:03] That he thought would be bad bad or that they thought his team thought would be bad for a campaign.
But that in and of itself, so they got tied into how the funds were expended.
They've tried this in the past.
And again, it's not like there haven't been countless dudes who did the mess around and then had to pay to get the story suppressed, right?
I mean, that's, there are PR firms that specialize in that sort of thing.
So, I don't know.
I don't see this as gonna tank him, right?
There's probably other cases out there.
Is it a case where, yeah, there's probably more cases, right?
Waiting, they're gonna keep throwing it out.
Yeah, they've got a timeline of cases.
And look, this, you know, the democratic strategists have been, you know, they stick to a message.
They're very smart and they're very disciplined.
But they all sat in a room somewhere and they looked at these very thin, they him in the news [2:03:15] as being in a court, right?
The idea that he's got to sit there and can't leave.
You don't see that, you know, that's not a typical move, right?
But now he's locked into that court on whatever, Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday and Friday or whatever.
So with the idea being he's not on the campaign trail.
But he's also in the news and his supporters think that he's being unduly prosecuted or unfairly prosecuted.
And that it's a political prosecution.
And then all they're trying to do, which is essentially un-American, is suppress their political rival.
Right.
And that is a large number of people in the country.
A larger number every day, I think this is going on, of the gain more of an understanding of this case.
Like the problem is, if you're a Democrat and you support this, if he does get in power, now he has this ability.
You have to understand there's a precedent's been set.
And if you don't think that Biden [2:04:01] has a shitload of things, So let's say Biden loses.
Okay, let's get really crazy.
Let's get really, really crazy.
Biden loses, they inject him with stem cells for three years.
And then they roll him out in 2027.
Like, let's do it again.
Let's do it again.
Trump won the second term we saw disasters as a versus that was.
And they say, you know what?
He's been sharper than ever.
And if he's New York liberals who just gaslight the shit out of you, I saw that video and I'll tell you, I'm pumped.
He's as sharp as a tack.
He's never been better.
Sure he's old, but that's his superpower.
His work ethic looks fantastic.
He is so kind, he's such a good man.
He's the father of our country.
Well I read so lucky.
I read an ex post by admittedly, a guy that works for a consulting firm in DC, he's a democratic strategist, but he wrote this glowing thing about how [2:05:02] Biden's had his great couple of weeks.
Man, as he had a good couple of weeks.
He's on fire.
Yeah, he's on fire.
Look what he's done in the Middle East, right?
And you think like, four more years.
Well, you could argue that part of our problem was we coddled the Iranian regime for three years, and that's how things got to this stage.
And now what?
And suddenly he's had a good couple of weeks.
They're not leading the charge on any ceasefire negotiations, right?
They're in fact, you could argue that they're making National security decisions related to Israel based on domestic policy concerns or political concerns, right?
You don't want to lose the youth vote.
You don't want to lose the Arab American vote by being overly supportive of Israel So there is some concern here.
But isn't that losing the Jewish vote then?
Because Jewish we talked about the gesture that 70% of Jewish people identify or vote as Democrats.
Yeah, I know.
And what's that all about?
I've never been quite clear on how that number worked.
And so, yeah, it is interesting.
But anyway, I don't wanna say that they're making too many [2:06:02] decisions based on domestic political concerns, but I think that they are.
That's just the nature of the game, right?
And so I don't think I'm being overly cynical, but yeah.
What I was getting to was that if Biden did, if we went crazy in 2027, they got him on stem cells, and they put him in a hyperbaric chamber every day for four hours, and he sharp as a tiger, tacos.
I'd like to say, I'm going to be a guy who's been on the show for like a long time.
I'm going to be a guy who's been on the show for like a long time.
I'm going to be a guy who's been on the show for like a long time.
I'm going to be a guy who's been on the show for like a long time.
I'm going to be a guy who's been on the show for like a long time.
sons, business partners, but 100 Biden's former partner said that at least 20 phone calls, the fact that he allegedly used a pseudonym when he was exchanging emails, all that's nuts.
All that is nuts.
Well, if that was the case, if now Trump gets to go after him, this is now what we're dealing [2:07:02] with insanity.
Now we're dealing with every time someone is president, they have the power to prosecute their political rivals for unnecessary means.
Which is the whole argument of immunity, right?
This is not the thing that should be a thing that decides whether or not a guy gets to run for president.
No, that's a very fourth world thing, right?
And I find it getting trouble for saying fourth world people.
Oh my god.
How can you denigrate the fourth world?
Well, it's a good.
Are we fourth?
We're heading in that direction.
Well, I don't know for the first world.
Where are we?
I'm not sure where we stand.
We have those first world.
That's where we're not.
That's what's scary recalibrate.
Um, maybe Maybe there are no first worlds anymore, but when you find out I mean we found that the 1% of the world is 34,000 dollars a year When you hear that you go, oh, that's why they're walking over here.
That's why this is all yes That's why it's all nuts.
Yeah, like yeah, like this is first world.
It's crazy as it is.
This really is first world Yeah, well look I know I I spent most of my life overseas and I met a lot of people in some very [2:08:07] bizarre environments and some sort of remote areas.
And they all had this idea, you know, get to America, work hard and you could do who knows what.
So it's still and it still continues to be a very dynamic driving element of people overseas.
I think we forget that sometimes.
And certainly, you could look at the campus protests and go to, well, okay, maybe the youth of today, but that's not true either, because we can fall into that trap and say, well, fucking youth of today don't understand how great they have it.
And everything, every generation has said that about their kids.
Well, not only that, if you look at every generation has had that about their kids for sure, but if you looked at this population of college kids and you could remove these kids from their friends and with total immunity and total anonymity, get their real opinions on all [2:09:05] this stuff.
I guarantee you there's a lot of kids, they say, some of this is so crazy, and you can't have opposing opinions, and we just sort of accept it, and we move on, and it's what percentage of the kids are out there, tense, intense, what percentage of the kids are out there blocking the roads and protesting.
I bet it's a small percentage.
It's a very small percentage.
It's a lot of people, but then there's a lot of people that go there that probably don't even go to that school, right?
Right.
Well, I mean, if you look at that arrest statistics so far, right?
You know what, say it's not, you know, completely accurate.
Now, about 2,400 arrests, right?
Campus is across the country.
And the statistics are starting to show that, you know, upwards of half of those arrests, those people have no affiliation with the university.
They're not college students, right?
They're outside either agitators, activists, however you want to refer to them, right?
So yeah, I agree [2:10:02] with it.
It's not, We're not talking about a lot.
And again, I would argue that from the outside activist perspective, again, whether it's students for justice in Palestine or the other groups that are involved, they look at the students themselves as just window dressing.
And again, sort of useful idiots.
But I will tell you one thing is you can get cynical sometimes about the state of the youth, however you want to call it the youths, but then I took my oldest boy, a scooter for his candidate visit at the US Naval Academy a couple of weeks ago.
That is a way to strengthen or reaffirm your belief in in where we are as a country right when you see The kids that are there Holy fuck right and I probably shouldn't say that when I'm describing all the kids there But what great kids right they're still out there.
There's still out there.
That's a lot of them [2:11:01] We're saying earlier like you know, the generation before, I think this is the best generation.
It's just there's so many morons.
But in terms of just the sheer number of people that aren't, it'll surprise you.
There's a lot of great people in this country.
And we have our problems.
And we're going to always have problems.
But one of the ways we find solutions is by having problems And that's one of the ways we come to understandings and the people that are trying to stop you from discussing this That's the real problem the problem is not disagreement folks the problem is people trying to stop people from discussing very important subjects and That is look fucking all hail Elon Musk, because that motherfucker stepped in, spent $44 billion and shifted the entire, like the environment of social media is very different because X is the Wild West.
It's very different everywhere.
Everything has to [2:12:01] kind of relax just to kind of keep up with it because the the whole power dynamic the whole Bell curve has shifted and now you got this one dude is like I don't give a fuck I'm gonna post ridiculous memes.
I'm gonna talk shit.
I'm gonna say funny things I remember where he was a darling of the left.
Oh my god.
Now he's Nazi.
No, it's crazy He's the worst having one of his cars was like a virtue badge.
Like my friend made fun of me because I had a Tesla.
I was like, dude, I don't give a fuck what you say if you get in this car, you'll change your mind.
Remember that South Park episode with a Prius?
I don't.
I didn't see that one.
Thank you.
There was a whole episode about people of South Park buying Prius isn't feeling incredibly super self-right.
It was fantastic It's almost as good as their their their smack in it in San Diego Bro, it is a thing in California.
It is a real thing that some of my liberal friends that I know what you're doing You fucks you're waving a flag.
That's not even a good car.
You didn't even like the way it looks Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, out of here with that fucking stupid thing.
But now he's, yeah, you're right.
[2:13:06] Now he's a Nazi and you know.
See, but the Tesla thing made sense to me.
I'm like, okay, when you drive one of those things, you get both things.
You get to feel like you're better because I'm out here doing something amazing for the environment.
And then also you get a fucking time machine.
That thing moves like a time machine.
It doesn't even seem real how fast those things are.
Did I tell you, did I tell you when I rented it, I ended up with a Tesla?
I think I might, I don't know if I told you about that.
When I show up at a rental car place and then I forget even what town I was in.
And I hadn't asked for an EV, right?
But I guess now they're kind of like They're pushing them out.
Push them out.
Yeah.
So the guy says, oh, we got a Tesla for you.
I said, okay, fine.
So he hands me the card.
Right?
That little card.
It's not like, all right.
So he's out there in whatever.
Space 428.
So I wander out there and I stand and it's locked.
Right?
So now I'm standing there thinking, well, I don't have a clue how to open this thing, right?
So a guy walks by and he goes, oh, he just tapped the card on the card.
[2:14:09] So I'm out there like tapping.
Taping the fucking card.
I'm tapping it all over.
No, he didn't tell me a little panel right there.
Tap it on that.
So I'm tapping the fucking card.
I look like a monkey fucking a football.
And I'm just like, what the hell?
And so finally, finally, the guy walks over and he goes, what are you doing?
I said, I'm trying to open the car.
So he goes, oh, it says he taps it, car opens.
I go to the, he said, thanks very much man.
And he walks away.
You know how he did it?
Did you pay attention?
Well, I watched him and he just hit that one spot on So I sat down in the car now I don't have a clue how to start to fuck her And so I had to Google I'm saying I'm not gonna I'm not gonna walk back all the way over there and say look I'm such an idiot.
So I sat there and I Google how do you start a Tesla right right and I had to sit and watch this stupid video And it was fine and then I will say yeah, I was I was very impressed I loved it.
It was a great experience.
I had never done that before.
It was a bizarre, right?
And then...
It was a bizarre how fast they are.
[2:15:06] It was crazy, right?
It was a bizarre.
And then you got to figure out how to charge it.
And that was a whole other...
Oh, yeah.
And then you got to make sure that there's chargers available.
Right.
And some places a fucking line.
Yeah.
You got to wait And we're gonna sit in there for an hour and we're all gonna drive electric vehicles when you don't we don't have the capacity yet Right, I'm gonna go ahead.
We're doing it.
The guy's not ready for it yet.
No, not only that the fucking source of the minerals is a horror story Yeah, oh I meant that there's a great story in which was a Wall Street Journal today and I love when they have stories like this Because I'm thinking no shit Sherlock.
It's about It's about access for the defense industry to magnets, right, rare earth magnets, which you need for everything, submarines, F-35s, whatever.
Think about what you need for, I mean, magnets are also for, obviously for a variety of everything else, [2:16:00] how solar appliances and shit.
92% of rare earth magnets are controlled by China right now, right?
Materials and manufacturing.
And so now the US is suddenly realizing that they've got an issue because a while back, handful of years ago, they put in place a law that will actually come into effect in 27 in a big way, which says, magnets from China, where the materials or the processing or manufacturer is in China.
So we don't have a capacity.
Why?
Why can't we get them after 27 from China?
Well, that's kind of when they said that's it, because we want to be in control of something this critical to a variety of things, right?
Do we have the capability?
Well, yeah.
I mean, we do.
Look, rare earth, it's interesting.
Rare earth minerals are not, they're not called that because of their rareness, right?
They're actually, you know, you could argue critical minerals are more difficult to get your hands on, but it's the refining process that makes them difficult.
[2:17:00] And we can get them, we could have this capacity.
We could have had the capacity for years and years and years, but it's the regulatory policies, right?
So it's like the mining industry in the States is more a bunch.
It's almost dead because we've put in place so many regulations and say you can't, no, I can't do that.
It's a bit bad for the environment.
We know it's worse for the environment is the way that they fucking mind these things overseas, whether it's in China or Africa or wherever else.
And so we've kind of shot ourselves in the foot with this, but they're now starting to catch, anyway, it's a good article, Wall Street Journal.
If they're gonna catch on, where do they get these?
Is there a place where they can do it where they don't ruin everything?
There's another article I found right below, it's stuck about mountain pass, which used to be a huge place.
If it was oil, it would be considered Saudi Arabia.
Is that where the Donner Party died?
Yeah, maybe between California and Avadets is right here.
Is that where they died?
No.
World's number one source of rares.
Yeah.
Bro, started in a gold rush and then production changed and things changed.
[2:18:01] Is it still the number one source?
Mountain passes arguably the best rare earth asset in the world.
Whoa.
If it were oral, it would be Saudi Arabia.
Little let's start digging bitches.
Yeah.
And he was talking about the refining of it.
And that's I think this article starts talking about.
Yeah.
So we don't have the refineries.
Yeah.
We need to.
And so they're starting to put money into whether it's us or the Australians or the Germans or who have it They're starting to you know realize but good news as they figured this out But while we were paying attention to whatever we were focused on China was dominating you know above 90% and knowing right strategically thinking ahead Years ago thinking what's gonna be important right and so they did and they don't you know They're not playing the same game in terms of regulations and environmental concerns and practices.
And that's a good thing.
We should have environmental concerns.
I'm not saying that.
No, we should.
But China is not having these concerns.
No, they don't have it.
One of the wildest things that, you know, these social media bots, you know, who knows what countries are using these, but there's a lot of them that are being run by foreign countries.
[2:19:06] And a lot of times, Bill, like real and flammatory about climate change.
And if they're funded by China, while China is building coal plants all the time, don't they have like hundreds of new coal plants that they're building?
Yeah, opening up, I forget what it was, two a week or so, new coal plants.
Please.
And EPA just crushed the coal industry here over the past week and a half or so, new coal plants, and EPA just crushed the coal industry here over the past week and a half or so with some new regulations that are going forward in terms of what you have to reduce your emissions.
Is it just a solution by nuclear?
Isn't that the solution?
I would say the solution is all of the above, right?
It's everything, right?
And you got to, and yes, eventually work towards something that makes sense on the green energy front.
But yeah, nuclear is certainly a big part of it.
But we get in this mindset, it's like everything else.
We get one, it's got to be all this or it's got to be all that.
It's like the way that we have arguments.
But yeah, you're right.
The people should look at, like if you have an environmental activist group, right?
[2:20:03] And a lot of times they'll want to shut down a mining operation here in the States, right?
And it looks like it's a grassroots, it's just like the campus protest.
It looks like it's a grassroots thing.
Oh, it's just a neighborhood organization that's against this idea.
You got to dig into it a little bit.
And then next thing you know, you find that there's outside elements involved because it's in their best interests.
And China's figured this out.
We've talked about this before.
They figured out that the way to impact the US for their own good was to impact local and state regulations and regulatory policies towards things like mining, right?
Because it helps them in their cause to dominate the industry or to dominate whatever that market is that we're talking about.
So, you know, again, it's just a matter of, you know, peel back the layers, pay attention, think about what you're doing.
I did wanna, oh.
This is sort of what talks about the overbuilding of plants, but they're gonna run less frequently to keep their capacity high.
[2:21:00] And then it's asked like why, and that they might just be doing it just in case.
Yeah, in case.
Yeah.
Case what?
Oh, no, I don't know.
That's, you know, well, maybe that's their, their preparing for their electric cars.
By the way, China has the most advanced electric car suspension that I've ever even heard of.
It's so good that you could drive over speed bumps and you could have glasses balance on the hood.
Well, it sounds like that old Saturday life skit where they said the ride was so smooth and the Lincoln you could conduct a circumcision in the back.
So they had a rabbi in the back of a Lincoln doing a circumcision to show how smooth the transition to the suspension was.
Well, this makes that look like a motorbike, like a motocross bike.
Holy shit.
These things go over everything and they stay flat.
They don't feel anything.
The car just stays flat as it's riding over all these bumps.
It's nuts.
And if you see how it works, like all the different things that are moving around inside [2:22:01] of it, all the machinery that they've developed to have this insane suspension, it's crazy.
China is like really innovating right now in the field of electric cars.
In the field of cars period, but their electric cars have made massive leaps because just a few years ago, I think Elon dismissed a lot of their electric cars, but now he's like, no, no, no, these are like really legitimate and they've got they've got their version of a Rolls-Royce that's like a million dollars and you can't even get it Yeah, we've seen these Chinese Rolls-Royce is they're insane Yeah, and they've also and part of that is because they've been strategic about locking up Critical minerals right overseas in terms of you know getting in there working with countries to lock up that market and also to dominate completely the refining side of things right they've got the confidence in knowing you know where they where they can take this is so this is like okay we can dominate the e.v.
market you know because we've done the we've done the hard work ahead of this thing well this is their their chinese version of rules was and supposed to sick.
Like you get inside of you like oh my god this car is incredible but you can't even [2:23:09] get them in America.
Yeah.
I like my cheap grand wagon here better.
Jeep grand wagon is your great but I would drive this dope ass Chinese luxury sled.
This thing looks insane.
Hey you know that thing you sent me about the Manta?
Yes.
Yes.
That's the ship.
Yeah, the underpunt.
It's fantastic.
It's that you underwater on man vehicle.
That's it right there.
Yeah.
That's what I hope America's making without me knowing with my tax dollars.
And we are.
Yeah.
I mean, we make a shit like this.
Look at that thing, man.
That is so cool.
Like that is, if you imagined like what was gonna be like the kind of technology that's been 2024 in like 1967, that would be right up there.
Like a spaceship that they use in the ocean.
[2:24:00] Yeah, and it's fantastic because it is, it's, you can, you know, manufacture thousands of them, right, and they're fantastic because it is it's you you can you know Manufactured thousands of them right and they're for very specific purposes.
They're their long duration, you know, unmanned vehicles underwater Low power right so interesting.
They're doing this that that thing called energy harvesting but they're getting it from the the gradient salinity in the in the water and The change in insulting us in the water, but it is fascinating, but part of it is.
Can you explain that?
How do they do that?
No, I'd like to say that I'm a gradient salinity, you know, a fishinato, but I'm not.
But this is interesting because they were behind the curve in developing, particularly from a naval perspective, these new capabilities.
And we're seeing how the drones and the unmanned vehicles from a naval perspective have impacted Ukraine, right?
And their ability to attack the Russian black sea fleet, we're seeing what the hoodies are doing with them, right?
And we've been a little slow to the game.
And so, you know, it's interesting to watch now that they're developing things like this, [2:25:01] which you can take apart and then ship someplace, right?
It doesn't need the travel underwater to get to where it's going, right?
You just ship it off, you put it together, you assemble it, you put it in, and it's got a variety of uses in, it can carry payloads, but it is fascinating.
But there's also, we talked about AI, and there's something else that DARPA's been doing, because this is a DARPA-related project as well, is something called ACE.
And they've just finished an AI and machine learning dogfight.
They've created something, X62, which isn't, yeah.
So autonomous.
Now, you put two guys in there.
There's still pilots in this thing.
It's a modified F16, essentially.
You've got two guys in there, There's still pilots in this thing.
It's a modified F16 essentially that you you've got two guys in there But they're not flying it so they've conducted actual Dogfight scenarios against a human crew of 16 right and it's Remarkable this this plane is using AI machine learning to [2:26:01] To dogfight basically and is it winning against?
Yes, yeah to dog fight basically.
And is it winning against people?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And so you still have a couple of guys in there, but they're just there, like an autonomous truck, right?
They're just there and case things go wrong.
They can take control.
But it's unbelievable.
And in the center tests, yeah.
How what is the range?
Well, in the virtual tests, well, it would be the range of an of NF16, right?
I mean, it's, you've, you've got, um, so the, all the, everything's computing, all the, that's all happening in the computer learning on the plane.
And it's making decisions faster than the human pilot can do it.
It's not connected to the internet at all with sky, with, with SkyNet or whatever the fuck that is.
This is the, the skyNet called, uh, oh, a Starling.
Starling.
A Sky Net, bro.
Starling.
Yeah.
Now, I wanted to bring that up, because that is, to me, that's remarkable.
And it's insane.
That's insane that it's doing it in real time with a jet.
It's crazy.
But it makes sense.
There's no margin for error.
It would get it perfect.
[2:27:01] And the virtual tests that they did and the virtual tests, they were undefeated against human humans.
Right.
So yeah, you think about what that means down the road.
Okay.
So what do you think these drones are that people keep seeing or these UAPs, I should say, drones.
Some of them they think are drones that are like hovering over ships.
Right.
What do you do you think these are foreign, they've China can make electric cars that advanced?
Right.
And we can make drones that are pretty fucking advanced.
Yeah.
What kind of shit do they have?
Well, I think most of that UOP sideings, and I think it's important for them, I'm glad the government and the defense department is finally at least come forward to some degree to say, look, we've got an interest in this, we want to investigate.
We want to know what these things are, these sightings that we can't readily identify off the bat.
Look, we were tricked out in the Korean War.
The Russians designed the MIG, whatever it was, the MIG-15 maybe, and we had no idea, right?
So they come out, they roll out the MIG-15 against, we were still using, you know, old rotor aircraft from, uh, uh, propeller aircraft from, uh, World War II in Korea, [2:28:09] the outset, and we didn't know that the Russians had advanced material science to the point that they had so that they could build something like this.
So it would be insane for us to think somehow that the Chinese, you know, who have proven themselves to be brilliant at reverse engineering, other people's technology, haven't figured out something else.
So yeah, there's always this game of trying to understand how advanced they are.
And I suspect some of the UAP sightings are definitely probably Chinese.
I don't think the Russians necessarily, but not that they wouldn't try or not try.
But I suspect the Chinese are further advanced on this.
And they've stolen a lot of technology from us over the years, and we've talked about that.
But I think a number of the UIP sightings that get listed aren't just that, but that's why they do it.
That's why they have an office now that they've admitted to that investigates.
Cause it's a national security issue.
You gotta know if a hostile state has created something [2:29:01] that we are not aware of, right?
Propulsion or material science or whatever it may be.
How much of that stuff could be kept secret?
And for how long do you think?
Like is it equivalent in terms of like the physicists that are working on this in China versus the ones that are working on it over here?
Like is it possible that somebody made some sort of a propulsion breakthrough?
Well, yeah, anti-gravity or something.
Well, that was the thing.
We have this lady that went missing.
You know that story?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
She was but she was working on an anti-gravity device.
Yeah.
And she back went back China for a little bit and then Yeah, but this back here.
There's been some talk about you know, there's some various people, about there's various people, Salvador Pice and some others who have been working on supposedly on things similar, various propulsion systems, anti-gravity, how do you change the laws of physics, right?
And I don't know that if, [2:30:00] I don't know how long that could be kept secret for.
Because could you keep it here for a little bit though?
Yeah, you could, but at some point, you know, it's gonna get rolled out and, you know, someone's gonna get wind of something.
It's human nature.
And we're always trying, we're always working just like the Chinese always working against us.
We're always working to understand what they got.
And so, you know, I'm not a big believer that, You keep secrets of an immense nature like that for a long period of time.
Well if they did keep it a secret If that's what the tick-tack thing was that was 2004.
Yeah It's hard to imagine them having that complex Propulsion system.
It's so alien from what we we currently know Yeah, and have that 20 years ago.
No one hears about it.
No, I know I know and that's that is long time That is the I've been in conversation with some folks.
We want to do a new series on new IPs, right?
And, you know, I keep coming back to that incident, right?
And the favor and the folks that were involved in those sightings as one of those things, right?
Like if I had to, you know, [2:31:00] because a lot of things can be explained away.
That one still is a tough one.
That's a tough one.
Yeah, there were a lot of eyes on target, radars and the wingman, and there was a lot of things here that just didn't add up.
The physical movement of it.
If all the machinery works, if all the sensors work, if all the detection equipment, all the, if all that stuff is accurate, that thing's doing something that no one's ever even seen.
Oh, no, absolutely.
No sign of propulsion system, speed of movement, change of direction, everything was so bizarre.
But that's again, what we're looking for, and we're moving in, eventually we get in that direction, right?
Eventually you have an explainable technology that could create something like that.
Right.
Then like you said, maybe 2004 is so long ago in terms of technology.
No, I know, right?
It sounds crazy, but 20 years ago it was a fucking totally different world.
Well, there's that exponential advancement of technology as you go along and as you create things, but which is really crazy if that was ours.
So if we had something like that in 2004, [2:32:01] who, where, what?
Right, right, right.
How much money, where did you get the smart guys?
I don't think that would have been the case because I think that that we wouldn't have heard about it Because I think they would have had a a classified briefing with favor and say you saw nothing don't worry about it Mm-hmm, you know, it's all done You think that's the case or do you think they allow some talk about it because a lot of the talk is nutty anyway A lot of these people the believe in you are right.
I am open minded about the idea to a certain extent, but a lot of these people that they could be telling you bigfoot stories.
It's like this thing kind of folks.
There's people that just see shit and it makes their life way more interesting and then there's people that have really seen things.
I've good friends that have seen things so bizarre things.
Yeah, you've talked seen things.
I have good friends that have seen things.
So there's bizarre things.
Yeah, you've talked about it.
You've talked about that.
Yeah.
And I, and I grabbed, talked to a couple of pilots that were out in Iraq and they said, we were flying nighttime, saw shit that we couldn't explain.
We had no idea what the fuck it was over the skies of Iraq while we were on a story.
And so yeah, I'm well then it gets to like Tucker Carlson territory.
He believes they'll like spiritual beings.
Yeah, yeah [2:33:08] I'm not sure he thinks they're like interdimensional travel Skinwalker ranch and yeah, if that's true then the world just got so much weirder Imagine us trying to deny that this whole time, but that's really what was going on.
Yeah, although you know I it would help to explain a lot of things maybe and we can at least it wouldn't seem like we're You know, I don't know that Yeah, I'm not you know me.
I'm not I'm not a conspiracy theorist I don't believe it because I again I'm going back to your point I don't believe that people can keep secrets for a long period of time, right?
But what about the candy papers?
No, there is that okay.
All right Well or the one that I we talked about this before Martin Luther King yeah yeah that's the one that's the one that if if you're gonna really dig in I just you're never gonna shift me off the position that there were state local officials federal whatever involved in that it just doesn't make sense still um you might have conspiracies [2:34:01] are real exactly yeah it's not It's not for them are real.
Oh yeah.
And it's, yeah, you go back to the UAP thing.
It'd be insane to say that there's no such thing.
My favorite one is the Roswell one.
Because if that one's real, it's the Roswell crash of 47.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't know.
That one.
I'm not, yeah.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Seriously, I don't know.
You're looking at me like, you know.
You just looked at me like, come on, bro.
You know, come on.
Tell me.
Tell me.
That's the problem.
No, you wouldn't.
You wouldn't be able to.
But maybe if you wanted to give me more disinformation, you could give me some more.
That's a whole segment of society I do that believes Well, you're here because you're a nice guy, you're a smart guy and you actually know what you're talking about.
And so I don't.
I know what I've read and I go, oh my God, what does that mean?
And so I can have you in here and you can explain things from a guy who actually understands the comp, you had the best explanation of what's going on in the Middle East I've heard yet.
Yeah, well thank you.
I appreciate it.
Do you now on the heels of that, do you mind if I do a little shameless marketing?
Oh, do some shameless marketing.
Okay, so you know, we've got the president's daily brief, the podcast, and that started [2:35:10] up in September.
It's done remarkably well, despite me being the host.
Yeah, and so it's every morning, every afternoon, it's, we touch on, we hit the top issues, critical issues of the day, international stories, conflicts, whatever.
And because it's done well, that's the weekdays that they're gonna launch a weekend version, extended weekend version on our YouTube channel.
So we're going to video.
So starting Saturday, May 18th, we're gonna take the PDB, it's gonna still be during the weekdays on Spotify and all your other podcast platforms.
But then on Saturday, May 18th, we start with this, the situation report, it'll be an extended version on YouTube with video.
We're gonna have guests and which leads me to my question of, how do you interview guests?
[2:36:01] But it's gonna be great.
News commentary, we're gonna have some very interesting people.
Same idea.
Touching on critical issues and stories, we're going to just stick with the facts.
We're going to stay away from opinion, right?
Which I think is one of the reasons why the PDB has done well is that it's 20 minutes in the morning, 10 minutes in the afternoon.
We hit the facts, try to stay away from opinion.
Occasionally I might make some stupid remark.
But for the most part it's just a little bit of context and then you get on your way, Bob's your uncle.
A little bit of personality flavored in with a little personality.
Yeah I try not to inject too much because nobody wants that.
But it's good.
People need to hear these kind of balanced perspectives on things.
I think it's very important that you provide it because you're actually a person who really understands these conflicts.
It's because most of us, it's the whole idea behind it, so alien.
Like what the hell's going on over there?
Like it takes so long to try to penetrate to just like, oh, who's funding that?
And then Iran is doing what?
[2:37:01] And then so why do they want that?
Oh, these are chords.
And what do you chords mean?
And what happens?
Oh, okay.
Well, that stuff is fucking complicated.
And it's hard to find like a singular source where you could just sit down and read it all and have it all make sense to you.
Well, I think that's, that was the reason why we talked about that.
That was the reason why I said, okay, I agreed to do it was because they said look we want to stick with the news right We want to try to get back to the old days here's the news and again It's always good.
There's going to be a little context or analysis in there But for the most part just give people what's happening tell them what's happening don't tell them how to think about necessarily Just tell them what's happening and the the president's daily briefs got a great.
It's got a great staff You know, it's not like I'm doing everything.
I'm just sort of like the monkey crashing the symbols together.
There's a very unfortunate bit, sort of combining of the people that give you the news with people that think they're activists, or people that think that it's very important that you stick to a very specific narrative [2:38:01] and ignore information that's contrary to what your belief system says.
Right.
Well, if all you do is just say, here's what's happening.
Here's what we know is happening.
And you don't try to, again, you don't try to tell people what to think and you don't try to say, okay, we're going to approach it from a particular point of view and leave out half of what's happening.
Right.
Yeah.
So just, and it's like that old thing.
You know, there's still some news outlets out there that do a good job of just presenting facts.
But most of them, you know, like you pointed, there is most of them are opinion based.
Right.
And you know, if you look at, if you sort of look at the, there's a survey that regularly looks at the news in terms of objectivity.
And it changes somewhat.
And interestingly, your show doesn't change much.
It's always kind of, it's right up there in terms of, because you're not, you know, other news outlets disappear off of there, or they change position in terms of relative objectivity.
But yours has been very consistent, but you've got outfits like Fox News or CNN [2:39:02] and they'll drop off the radar, right?
Because they become nothing but opinion, right?
For a period of time.
Then maybe they self correct and they realize we need more news.
We need more facts.
So they'll come back on the survey and come up higher in terms of relative credibility of actual news.
So anyway, it goes back to our original story.
Everybody's got to be a little bit more careful because it's getting more dangerous out there in terms of disinformation.
It's getting weird.
It's getting weird when, you know, we've talked about this before, but it's an important number.
This guy who used to work for the FBI who analyzed Twitter and said he believed that it was as much as 80% of the more bots.
Seriously?
Yeah, I did not see that.
Pull that up, Jimmy.
It's crazy, because he might be right, man.
Like, there's really sophisticated ones.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
And then there's ones that are very crude.
There's ones that are just like a bunch of letters and a bunch of numbers.
Right.
And it's someone just retweeting patriotic things.
And you know, okay, I know what that is.
Top cybersecurity expert claims that more than 80% of Twitter accounts are probably bots.
[2:40:09] And this is 2022.
So this was in the process of Elon buying this, all this stuff was going on.
So that's interesting.
Yeah, they were looking at this and they were saying, like when did he buy it?
I was, that's part of the catalyst.
I thought because he wanted to find out how many were bots.
Right, yeah I was that's part of the catalyst that that because he wanted to find out right right but they they told him it was 5% I Think you mean all the jack what's his name the guy that ran Twitter.
Yeah.
Yeah Yeah, but I think Elon felt like they didn't base it on enough of an analysis They they're based on a small number of accounts.
I can't imagine it's 80% right?
I can't imagine It's crazy.
It does sound insane.
I'm sure it's higher than 5 percent Sure sounds higher than 5 percent tweeted musk along with the tagging the news article okay So Dan Woods global head of intelligence and cybersecurity company f5 who spent more than 20 years of the US federal law enforcement and [2:41:01] Intelligence organizations told the Australian that more than 80% of Twitter accounts are probably bots.
That's so nuts.
Yeah, it's somewhere between five and 80.
Even if it's halfway right, even if it's 50%.
Let's just say 50.
40%?
Yeah.
You say 40% is crazy.
Right.
40% of are bots.
And then you, but that is, that's probably, you're probably getting to, to, to Acura because I think just the Chinese alone, right in the Russians, they invest an enormous amount of resource into this because they know it's effective, right?
And they know how damaging it can be and why wouldn't you?
Right.
Why wouldn't you?
Right.
And this cyber era, you know, it's, it's a way to influence people's opinions.
It really is.
It's crazy how well it works.
Yeah.
And if you can just get like arguments going on Twitter, you know, people get engaged in those things, and you do like start a fire and run away from it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Can I ask you one more question?
[2:42:01] Yeah.
What would be your best advice for interviewing people?
Because like I said, we're starting this show and it's gonna have guests on it.
Do you have one thing that you've learned over the years in terms of talking to people and getting the best out of what they say?
I think it's just a numbers thing.
I don't think it's one thing.
I think it's like everything else.
You realize when you're being clunky.
I do it all the time.
I realize I interrupt too quick.
I didn't know when to step in, when not to.
It happens all the time.
You always got to try to get the most out of your guest.
That's my idea when I go into a conversation is, I want to talk to and we're going to talk to each other, but I'm just trying to get the most out of you.
You know, I'm trying to encourage what you're saying, just like ask more questions.
I'm trying to just genuinely engage with what you're saying and get the most out of you.
The problem with a lot of people when they host things is generally like you want to talk.
And so if you want to talk, you start talking.
[2:43:02] And then sometimes you talk too much and then the guest doesn't talk enough and it's like it's a balancing act, but I always go into it with the intention of whatever this person's doing, like help them make it the best version of this discussion that I can provide.
Okay.
Yeah, no, I know what you mean about the, because you go on a new show.
And the question is five minutes.
Yeah.
And you think, okay, well, that question glutes a lot of the talking points that you producers ask me to send to you.
So, all right then.
Okay, no, that makes sense.
Those shows are so limited, man.
It's a real problem because if this is how most people consume complex information, it's too limited.
Just your explanation of all the shit that's going on with Gaza and Israel, just that alone.
That had to take 15 minutes, right?
Yeah.
And you're making these like summaries that are easily digestible.
[2:44:01] Well, yeah, and they'll say, okay, you got, you know, we got 30 seconds left.
How are they going to solve the problem in Gaza?
Jesus Christ!
So crazy!
It's just like that format of a limited amount of time to talk about complex things.
Right.
In this day and age it just doesn't really make sense anymore.
But it's how people, I mean whether it's that or whether it's the, you know, I get my news from TikTok.
I get my news from X, I get my news from X.
I get my news from X.
Yeah, that's the way to get it.
Yeah, you think they're the gonna be the most honest.
There's definitely, when you find out the difference between American TikTok and Chinese TikTok.
Oh, good.
Chinese TikTok's doing it right.
It's all like science achievements, athletic performances, martial arts.
Yeah, there that she regime would never let their youth get on American TikTok.
You think you could be a dude given makeup tutorials and Chinese TikTok?
They'll fucking find you.
They'll find you.
No, it's true.
And so that's always the thing when I talk to my kids about it.
And I always tell them, don't use TikTok.
[2:45:01] Don't get on TikTok.
They're gonna do it.
They're gonna do it.
They're friends.
They're on it yeah everybody's on it it's crack yeah it is crack those kids are cracked out it's an incredible time suck which again they know right the Chinese regime knows they understand this but but think about tiktok in terms of its disinformation capabilities going into an election right and the white house has a problem right because the Biden campaign team has been using tiktok and at the same time they're trying to say we shouldn't use tiktok i think it's a danger it's a national security issue but we but we found it very effective for reaching the young market right and so there they have no grounds to stand on when they talk about a national security issue they got a problem they got to figure that one out again that's a not to get overly politically Good dance with the devil.
Yeah, you made a deal with she, sorry.
But if it's not she, yeah.
That's a thing, it's if like this is little dance, and they can make you more effective and make your opponents less effective.
That's a crazy manipulation of the way people think about things.
And you don't think that that's true, [2:46:01] but it's just like what percentage of what side are you getting?
If you're getting like 80% of your information, that's very specific to one ideology.
That's not good for anybody.
And kids aren't thinking about that.
It's been a progression, right?
It used to be from the daily show with John Stuart.
That's where young people get in their news, right?
Now they've aged out and now young people are turning to TikTok and they're getting their news and they're not thinking, okay, of course they're not thinking about it, then I think the Chinese regime is constructing this in a certain way.
But of course they are and of course they understand the, and that's really the danger.
People talk about the danger of TikTok as their ability to harvest personal information, right?
And that's a problem to some degree.
But the bigger problem is 170 million American users of TikTok being vulnerable and reachable by a Chinese regime that does not have our best interest at heart by any means, right?
So that's the bigger issue, I think, rather than the harvesting of personal data, which Amazon and Google and everybody else [2:47:01] have it, right?
They got all that shit.
So it's not, you know, yes, it's a hostile regime and yes, they're harvesting your data, but I think it's more of the, I think it's more of the disinformation campaign and the potential for that that is the problem with TikTok.
Because if you can't control, like, rather if you can control, if you can control exactly what percentage of stuff gets out.
Like if someone, if you can limit someone's reach, like if someone posts something and it's some right wing philosophy and they post that and they immediately tag it as such and limit its reach.
But then you take the other one and you expand its reach, whatever the the contrary position is and you promote it and you push it out everywhere.
How much of an effect does that have on young people?
Well, and that's and that's the whole point of the game anyway is to is is you know you're suppressing and you're promoting and and again you're doing it to an audience for the most part that is very vulnerable.
Yeah, and so I yeah I'm I'm again, I don't know that they're going to ban TikTok.
[2:48:07] Somebody's going to come in and view that as an opportunity by, right?
And I think so, they will be able to sell it even though right now, by dancing, saying, absolutely not, we're not going to sell it, you know?
I think they probably will, right?
I don't see them banning it from you from app stores.
So I mean, think about the angst that would create amongst the tweens and the teams.
I think the fear is the language that's being used here, though, too, right?
That this could be interpreted as the ability to censor other social media sites.
Sure.
Yeah, yeah.
And that you really can't give the government that power, especially based on what they saw in the Twitter files.
Yeah.
You, you can't get certain press.
Yeah, if you're if you're looking at suppress accurate information, because you don't like what you think that's going to do for an election, like that doesn't seem like you should be able to do that.
This this seems like that's that should be that that's not good.
Don't [2:49:01] do that.
If you if you organization that is allowed to do that to all of social media by law, you're in territory that's real slippery now because it's just so ripe for corruption.
And it always goes back to this, which you talked about before, which is this idea that, well, if one president can do this to another former president, then the next one goes, the next one goes, and it's the same problem right hey it may be sounds good to us right now to to censor something or to uh...
suppress something but we're not gonna be in charge forever unless they figured that out uh...
how they can be in charge forever it's so dangerous it's so dangerous that it's it's so ubiquitous it's so everywhere and you don't know how much of what people are seeing is being manipulated.
Right, right.
Well, again, not to beat a dead horse, but if people could take away one idea, it's incumbent upon you.
[2:50:00] And whether it's for you or whether it's for the sick or your kids to be curious and to actually make the fucking effort to understand what it is that you're seeing and reading and hearing.
And yes, it takes time and, you know, maybe it sounds daunting and you'd rather have the government do it, right?
But that's not a good idea, right?
I think it comes down to individual responsibility, like a lot of things in life.
And I don't know that I'm optimistic about that as being the solution, but I don't see another way around it.
I mean, we can detect, we can create apps to protect and be proactive.
You can do all those things which are incredibly important.
But ultimately, it comes down to the individual.
And if they don't take it upon themselves, yeah, to go back to earlier point then, you know, we'll fuck.
Yeah.
Well, I have hope.
Look at you, look at you.
It's half full.
I'm a half full kind of guy this day.
[2:51:00] I feel like.
That's because you got kids.
It's also because I know that most people are good people And that I think people get swept up in madness and I think they get swept up in tribalism And that's a real problem with someone that says polarizing is Trump, right?
Yeah, it's a real problem Because you have to accept the nonsense that Biden is okay.
If you're on the left, both of them are like, they lock up like the fucking dolphins versus the Raiders and people get on teams, man.
They're like, fuck the dolphins.
That's what it is.
It's just people get super fucking tribal.
It's in our nature.
We have to fight to avoid it.
Yeah, and the more extreme that you get on one side and the more extreme the other side gets.
And they, because they think, look, and again, you get this notion that I'm saving the country.
One side or the other, right?
Both sides, the hard edges of both sides feel like they're the ones that are trying to save the country.
Yeah, and they have to win, just like they want the Yankees to win.
Oh It's like it's really like that.
It becomes the number one team.
It's the biggest sport and [2:52:07] You know, that's why it's important to have a big personality.
It's part of the whole stupidity of it all Yeah, and AI is gonna save us from that.
You think that?
Yeah, you don't believe that you know much better government It's gonna be much better government.
It won't even be controlled at all by people Hey, but it runs on its own algorithm that it created after it realized the flaws in the way human beings are processing reality do you know what the u.s.
government's trying to do right now then trying to get China and Russia to sign up to an agreement essentially an international treaty that would ensure that a i does not alone run nuclear weapons systems, right?
And there's no treaty that prevents that right now.
There's no treaty that prevents taking the humans out of that decision making process.
Oh my God.
So I mean, the Russians stayed during the Soviet Union days without, yeah.
[2:53:00] So they're gonna be playing like some kind of crazy world war chess game.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, super computers.
Yeah, but right now the US is committed to this idea that we're not going to take the human out, but the Russians and Chinese have not.
Then no one's gonna commit to that.
Why would you commit to that?
The best weapon of all time.
You already said that these fighter pilots can't compete with these things that are AI controlled.
That's nuts.
It's a problem, I was about to say, there's a statement of the obvious.
Top Gun 3 is fucked.
What are they gonna do?
Where's Top Gun 3 gonna do?
I didn't see Top Gun 2.
Well, you're on American sir.
Did you watch it?
I watched a little bit of it.
Yeah.
That was fun.
It was fun, I was in in the mood locking my that vibration.
I know I know I know It was fun kind of movie though.
It was it was a one-time for me It was top gun was a kind of a one-time top gun was fuck yeah, it was a great movie.
Yeah, it was great goose Yeah, yeah, but I will say I'm very impressed with Carl.
He I haven't heard him snore.
Yeah, he's kept it together today [2:54:05] Got he's a cute dog.
He's the cutest.
Yeah.
All right, man.
Anything else?
No, man, I, it's officially I love the show.
I love the show.
I'm sorry about that, but I do.
But again, we have hope.
This is always a pleasure, man.
I just, I love this and, and don't know if I've got enough to say in the time here.
And you always take it someplace.
Like the Kendrick Lamar thing, I still fucking worried about that.
I hope to hug it out.
All right, thank you Mike.
I appreciate you people, bye.
Thanks for watching!
================================================================================
Episode Title: #2146 - Deric Poston
Transcript:
Deric!
My brother?
What's up, man?
What's happening?
Well, we've had a million conversations like this in the Green Room.
We've already done like a thousand podcasts.
That this is my every night record.
We need a fucking studio in that club.
Well, you know, we need to put a podcast studio in that club.
I'm thinking about it, but we don't have the space for it.
Yeah, where would it go?
We wouldn't go anywhere.
There's no place.
There's no, we have, we used, it's like very efficient.
We have all the space.
Yeah, but I think what we need is a apartment We need an apartment close So we could just go right over go apartment that's just set up as a studio when you get in there It's just all studio that would be nice.
Yeah, cuz there's so many apartments that are available in that area, right?
Yeah, Jamie just got one.
Let's go Jamie next story.
So I don't have a neighbor.
Oh, that's not a bad idea Yeah, how far away you from my club?
Two blocks.
Ooh, let's go.
Is the next door neighbor open?
I think they all are.
Oh, that'd be perfect.
Here, give you the keys.
Which you see my view.
Ooh, that's what I want.
I want a view like that, because like, windows, see the city.
I was gonna do that in downtown LA.
Really?
Yeah, but then I went to downtown LA.
Oh my God.
And I brought my family.
And I brought my daughters when they were young.
And I was like, oh my God, am I gonna have to kill somebody?
Yeah.
This is, it was crazy.
And this is pre-pandemic man.
Yeah.
This is before the shit hit the fan.
I'm like, people were just pissing all over the place.
It smelled terrible.
There was some really good donut place that's in downtown LA.
So we were like, let's go get some donuts.
Let's get crazy.
Yeah.
So we wound up going to the one in Pasadena because there's, or Glendale.
There's one somewhere else.
[2:00] There's one somewhere else that's also like that.
And we want it silver lake, might be silver.
It was a lot of hippies.
Probably silver.
It was like the total opposite.
I'm gonna take hippies all day.
I'll take like, you know, woke people with fucking green hair all day.
Over.
I am legend.
Bro, full on I am legend.
Full on I am legend.
Yeah.
Yeah.
To go down down there get a donut though is it's worth it LA donuts are the best it's not even fucking close really?
I think so kind of like a New York bagel it's something about certain brands I feel like in certain places that hit different bro when crispy creams coming out of the dope right out of the oven It's hard to fuck with anything else nothing but those glazed ones the maple glazed when they come in right out [3:05] Joe so good so good you fucked me up though.
I haven't had bread Joe.
I haven't really They're coming right out.
They're out.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, a piece of pizza, my body's like, yo, what are you doing?
Look at that.
You're having a drink.
I have a pizza.
Come on.
And then I don't eat for a while.
Let it clear out of my system.
Then I go back to eating clean.
But if you have that as a normal part of your life, it's just like all these things compound, right?
Yeah.
Smoke too many blunts that compounds you you know eat too much bad food that come at look at that right now Jamie what are you doing did you post this oh my god look at that That is just diabetes in food form Just makes me want to feel sick and like I'll take that temporary mouth pleasure for hours of feeling like dog shit.
Yeah And like I'll take that temporary mouth pleasure for hours of feeling like dog shit.
Yeah.
Yeah, Joe.
Oh, it feels so good.
Yeah, the bread thing.
Joe, this was the first time in my life.
I hadn't had hot cheetos.
Every day.
Would you put for hot cheetos over tockies?
Cause a lot of people are very hot.
I'm a, I'm a, that's the black in me.
I think because I'm a hot cheetah Mexicans.
Love the talkies [4:05] They love the thing.
I really like them crunchy Cheetos and little tinier ones the more crunchy ones Yeah, that's what those called just I'll tell you those are the regulars and then you got the puffs I'll fuck what a puff.
Oh, I thought I when I think of Cheetos I always think of puffs Interesting I think of the right the one you're thinking of the little ones harder.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I like those.
Yeah.
I've had them every day of my life, Joe, until you said, Hey, let's do the condom for that.
I'm fucking 33.
That's ridiculous.
That's ridiculous.
You should be.
You know, Fritos, those little corn chips, we use those to start a fire in Alaska.
More camping.
Yeah.
What?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
One of the dudes that works for my my friend Steve Rinalo told us that they're very flammable I'm like really and so we used that to start a fight.
We were in Prince Edward's Island, which is Prince of Wales Island, which one?
Prince Edward's?
Which one's the one in Alaska?
[5:00] Prince Edwards, Prince of Wales, what is that?
I don't even know if that's a real place.
Prince Edwards, right?
Oh What's the one in Alaska?
You might be right next to Alaska though No, it's not that's the like the opposite side What is the one that's in Alaska?
It's not Prince Edwards Island that one's in your main really?
Fuck I can't remember the island.
Anyway, the island in a lot, well, Google, because it's one of the most rainy places on earth, Brian Callanard did a TV show from there with mediator, but it rained for seven, eight days, whatever the fuck we're there for.
Rain, everything, all day.
What's a Prince of Wales?
Okay, it's Prince of Wales.
It rained every day.
And one day it didn't rain for like 10 hours.
We're like, dude, we're gonna start a fucking fire.
We're gonna figure out how to start a fire.
And so we got like sticks and shit like that's under everything else.
So everything got rained on.
Oh, is there a video of it?
[6:01] Not you guys, oh.
Somebody else doing it.
Yeah, because we didn't film us doing this.
But Fritos are so covered in life-stealing oil that they act like a fire starter, man.
Look at this.
They're great fire starters.
Like if you want a barbecue and you don't want to go by, you ever seen those things, tumbleweeds, you know what a tumbleweed is?
No, sir.
Tumbleweeds are these little, it's like little shaved pieces of wood that's like bundled up together and they must be soaked in some kind of flammable liquid.
But if you want to start like a grill, you put one of those bitches down and then you put some sticks around that and light that little tumbleweed and woo,'re good to go yeah and then you start stacking logs woo woo yeah but um you can use fritos instead that's one point you don't need those tumbleweeds probably won't be as flammable but that should can't be good and I'm eating that shit fritos are delicious they're fucking great but a little chilly all come on but the chilly better one [7:01] move what are those uh those chilies where people add fritos?
They add fritos to the chili.
People don't have all the time.
Yeah, I like the crunch.
Little crunch is good.
Full experience, right?
Well, the tangy, the spicy little cheese in there.
Yeah, how the fuck are you not fat, though?
You got it in you.
You're supposed to be fat as shit.
It's just discipline.
I get fat, I'm pretty lean right now.
Now I'm under 200, which is rare.
I'm like 197, which is nice.
But I just been real clinging on the diet the last few weeks, the last few weeks, I just, I start to get a little fat.
I start feeling a little bit of this and I start paranoid.
My gut starts sticking out.
I would get it straight to the gut because I have pretty thick abs too.
So any fat that goes on top of the shoulder right here it gets gross and it pokes out right here and just starts looking gross.
I just see weakness.
When I see myself in the mirror, I'm like, you weak bitch.
You weak bitch.
[8:02] You can't stop eating.
You're like, I eat so much food bro can't eat so much food, bro.
I eat so much food.
It's crazy how much I eat.
I eat, I'm a glutton, like a real glutton.
Man, I've seen you put it down, brother.
Bro, eat, I'll eat two pizzas.
I'll eat two pizzas.
I'll eat that whole pizza.
There's another one right there.
It's warm.
Is it warm?
I'll just go right in on that I'm not hungry.
I'm not hungry.
It's just gluttony.
I've seen you take me out so many golden tiger burgers.
When you could go it.
Brother, one time we went out.
I ate four of them.
I ate four double cheeseburgers.
Gordon Rye was freaking out.
Gordon Rye was with us.
How the fuck are you eating?
I'm like, dude, when I get going.
The wolf comes out.
The wolf just wants to go.
Go back.
The wolf just wants to keep eating.
I gotta keep that motherfucker in his cage.
Yeah, you can go bro.
We start, that's my favorite joke.
When Joe starts drinking in the green room.
When Joe starts drinking.
Oh, you can go man.
[9:01] We start talking shit.
Oh it's the best.
You start dancing.
Oh, it's over who has more fun than us.
Who has more fun than us?
Nobody bro.
Oh, come on.
Dancing.
We're dancing like all is high.
No, no self-consciousness.
Everybody's just having a good time.
Oh, it's my favorite God, it's the best place in the world.
Oh the music's going.
Yeah, all the tools are going and everybody's going up It's just and you're coming in from a set and like and you're coming everybody's already dancing and chitting on you know Brian for saying something crazy Tony's just roasted him and you're dying.
He like this is the best night of my life bro I love him Brian comes off stage you to walk and we go Cuz you know we just laid it out.
Oh my god Bro when he was doing that walk bit when he was when he really tighten up that bit when it was just a that bit was just Assassination that was bit that bit was one of those bits where I would go out there and just sit watch it I watched it like 50 times.
Yeah, I just want to see that bit.
It was about ask him.
You gonna close it why?
He wouldn't even always hold on I know wouldn't want he goes out of bits like 11 minutes on like please [10:06] It would be his whole set.
It was his whole set, but it murders.
It murders so hard.
It's so good.
It's like, that's such a quintessential Brian Simpson bit.
Yeah.
Because it's clever, it's ridiculous.
It's like he it's historical.
He talks about him like it gives you real facts.
Yeah, it's so smart.
And it's about what and it's full circle.
And it's full circle.
And it's full circle.
And it's full circle.
And it's full circle.
And it's full circle.
And it's full circle.
And it's full circle.
And it's full circle.
And it's full circle.
And it's such a good bit.
There's certain bits where you hear the bit, you go, God damn, that's a good bit.
Like Shane Gillis' Navy Seal bit.
God damn, that's a good bit.
You know what I'm gonna fake my favorite of his bits though?
I think is the George Washington bit for that very reason.
Yeah, yeah, the teeth, bro.
Well, it's also because it's interesting and it's hilarious and you know, like that's a bit that took some time.
That's not a bit that the first time you do it on stage, [11:07] you get that product.
Yes.
You know, like Tony has a few jokes that the very first time he does the month stage, they murder and it's done.
Yeah.
If it's done.
But like that, that Shane's bit about George Washington is a lot, that's a long bit, man.
That's a tap it is complex is a lot of twists and turns.
Yeah, it just angles he takes.
It's so cool.
Oh, it's so cool.
But with Brian Joe, you know, I started with Brian.
He was that.
What are you, what you're seeing now?
He was that.
I met him Joe and he was that, bro.
It was the coolest thing to be around that guy.
Because I think he's just the greatest, one of the greatest minds ever.
I'm lucky to be one of his best friends.
That's how I feel.
He's very humble too.
Very, very humble.
Until someone talks, talk shit to him.
Well, then he's gonna destroy you.
Oh shit, show you the fuck up.
But yeah, he's just got a unique way of looking at things.
[12:00] And that's the wonderful thing about comedy.
I hate that word wonderful, but it just was the right word for their job.
There's the thing about you meet so many different people and we all have this one thing in common.
It's one thing in common.
We like making people laugh.
We like this thing we do, this art form.
That's it.
The only thing, I mean, we're to be very so much about in so many different ways.
Yeah.
But we all have this like amazing bond.
Like that place is like, it's the comedy store times, I don't know, times three, times four, something like that.
Yeah, but also we feel so like, we were here, we all came before it opened, we were here to feel that.
But you were an early adopter.
Yo, Joe, I came back.
I came out of it.
I was even sure.
I was like, yeah, I'm just moved here.
Ha, ha, ha.
There's a, I felt like one thing though about this is like, that's one of the reasons why I felt like I had to do this.
Cause I knew that all you guys had come out.
You guys are coming out here when we were at Vulcan during the lockdown.
Yep.
Thank God for my wife, but that was her.
[13:06] Her call, dog, really?
That was my wife, because she saw you guys there.
It hadn't even crossed my mind yet.
I was still in pandemic mind of like, we're just here.
This is what it is.
And then she said it.
She was like, we're going to Austin, Texas.
And I was like, and it right.
I was like what the fuck am I doing?
Yeah, I'm going all six X's and moved March 2021 It was crazy because so many people were mad at us.
They're mad at us for doing shows I'm just like are you out of your fucking mind are you gonna just not do shows anymore?
You get a not talk to people like what do we do?
And like how long does this go on?
How long is this going?
LA the answer was a year and a half.
You're in a half time.
Here it was six weeks.
They started shooting guns in the air.
Shut the fuck up.
I saw old people with no masks on out here, really on.
Oh, you can feel a shut the fuck up.
God, I remember when it happened.
I remember when it happened.
[14:00] I was talking to Brendan.
And right when I said, man, they're gonna hold L.A.
down for a year.
He said, Derek, you're a fucking idiot.
That would never happen.
Yeah.
Go to.
I mean, I was like, oh my God.
Well, I knew it.
I felt something.
I didn't know if they were gonna lock it down for a year, but a new L.A.
was never gonna be the same.
Because there after George Floyd.
I might go this place isn't trouble because when they had those cop cars lit up on fire on the one 10, is that what it was?
Yeah, and they were like a fire and like sender blocks of shit.
Spray painted on fire smashed everything.
They were doing smashing grabs everywhere and they were just letting them do it.
Like in Beverly Hills, all they were doing was not letting people shop when it was dark out.
That was it.
So during the day or at nighttime, everybody just smashing grabbed.
It was like, the smashing grabs on Beverly Hills were insane.
It was everywhere.
That's it was crazy.
Crazy, crazy.
It was also people waiting for people after they were shopping, they were just stealing from them, [15:01] after they would go shopping at the mall in Beverly Hills.
Like nice places in Beverly Hills, nice stores.
Yeah, that's how they would be when we were getting robbed, bro.
It was crazy.
I was like, I saw, that's people were getting robbed.
I saw, there was a car full of dudes that was parked in front of this gated community and they had no license plate on their car.
And I was driving in and I remember looking at these dudes and them looking at me.
I'm like, these are not dudes that are up to anything good.
And they have a car with no license plate on it and they're outside of this gated community.
And they could have been just waiting for the thing to go up so they could sneak in behind it.
You know?
I don't know what they were doing, but I remember thinking like, this is going to escalate.
You're going to get more of this than I saw, but I saw I was passing by this closing store and I saw these dudes smash the window and run inside.
Crazy and Woodland Hills.
And Woodland Hills, it's like the sleepiest, most boring ass fucking neighborhood.
Yeah, that's like what a, the written, it's supposed to be the nicest.
Dr.
Dre has a house out there.
Yeah.
[16:00] That's where Whitney lives.
It's like, yeah, that's where Whitney lives.
That's like, yeah, that's where Shob lives.
It's like that area is nice.
And they were smashing with it.
They lit a dumpster on fire and pushed it in front of the front door at Target.
My friend was in there.
My friend was in there.
They yelled out through the loudspeaker.
They were telling everybody, put down everything you have.
Just don't go to the cash register get out get out now And they get outside and someone did lit a fucking dumpster on fire and pushed it up against the door.
Yeah fuck that bro I'm so glad we got out of there, so when I came out here, it was like tweet tweet tweet tweet.
Oh, okay What is the world gone mad or is just LA gone mad as it parts of the world got it?
It's like the scary thing about it was, it was an experiment.
Not for real, I don't think it was, I don't have like this conspiracy theory that they did it on purpose.
I think it was a lab leak.
I think they did it.
Yeah, it was accidental.
And I think they, there's a lot of funding's probably biological weapon weapons research to they probably do because they definitely do create viruses [17:13] And they they work on viruses for bio weapons.
It's a real thing.
Yeah like bio weapons the real thing Terrifying that someone would release a weapon on a city to kill everybody because you're but that's real They really are and they and they're also China and Russia are all the I mean they use gas and world war one I just blue gas on brother.
Yeah, I don't watch people in that and think that's not possible That looks real very real very real that they would do something like that.
That could happen today again It could happen again, but the point is it's like I don't remember my point.
My point was like that these kind of, these things, when they happen, they reveal how people react to them.
And people didn't react nearly as good as I hoped.
They sectioned [18:01] themselves off in these tribes.
Yeah.
That was what was weird, man.
That shit broke people, Joe.
It broke people.
It broke people.
People still wear masks, Joe.
Oh my God, yeah.
It changed like who people are, like they forgot that they used to not wear masks.
You can tell.
Some comics from Moon Tower were walking on the street in Ari's arm.
Ari saw this, dude.
And he had a fucking giant mask on his face when the really fucking form fit one secured down.
Just broken.
Yeah a lot of people were like that.
Broken, just broken.
But everybody got so tribal and it also it gave people an opportunity to be cut.
And so there was a lot of people in LA in particular and some in New York as well.
They were just, they're really miserable people and they were looking for an opportunity to shit on someone publicly because they felt like they could [19:01] because they felt like that person was vulnerable because they were taking a controversial position.
Yes.
You know, whether it taking a controversial position.
Yes.
You know, whether it's a controversial position like saying I don't wanna get vaccinated or was a controversial position of doing shows live still.
People were blamed, I saw a comic blame someone else for the death of their mother.
Blame a comic that's doing shows for the death of their mother.
For the death of their mother?
Yeah, like yeah Yeah, maybe it was a respirator You know 80% of the people they put them on oh Remember people saying that shit though Joe when we like when it when I first lose here people doing shows and people are saying that like You're my grandmother's gonna die because you know grandmother's just gonna die man.
Yeah, grandma's gonna die You're gonna die too.
So my what are we doing also?
Oh, it's just gonna die, man.
Yeah, your grandma's gonna die.
You're gonna die too, so am I.
What are we doing?
Also, the solution is not everybody stay home for your grandmother and ruin children's lives.
It's never been the case.
Old people have always done the best that they can to make life safe for young people.
And by locking them down and by keeping them out of school [20:03] and by making them wear masks, you didn't make the world safer.
You made it scarier.
You're gonna have more people with anxiety.
You're gonna have more lost years of development.
You're gonna be missing out on your education.
There's nothing good about that.
Nothing good about that.
There's zero good about that.
And if you did it to protect all people, you're a fool.
Yeah, you're a fool.
Yeah, you're a fool.
It ruined young people's life.
There were people who missed their senior year, junior year, they didn't have it.
And I think about that.
That's like a year that you need in your life.
It's a memorable thing.
Bro, it became like a child sacrifice thing.
Like they didn't care about the children.
They didn't care what was happening to them.
We have to protect our vulnerable.
It's not gonna science behind it in the age of science what the fuck is wrong with my voice today Thank God I got a cough button like a professional Yeah, we got a cough button if you had us cough.
I should give that should the Graham handcuffed there the Some people just cough [21:00] But in the age of science and reason people abandon science To to confirm their worst fears and to confirm all their weird anxieties.
And they started using it.
Which is the reason why people believe that a mask that you could breathe out of is going to protect you from a virus that's floating in the air.
Or that you're going to stop a respiratory virus by just keeping children out of school.
Shut the fuck up.
Like shut the fuck up with all this.
Or that all of a sudden the pharmaceutical drug company should be trusted.
Like shut the fuck up, you guys, you're not being reasonable.
You're just, you're acting like pussies.
And I'm not saying you're acting like pussies because COVID wasn't dangerous.
Of course it was dangerous.
I'm saying you're acting like pussies and you're not willing to look at the truth because you're scared that it's gonna go against this thing that you have in your head that's a narrative that you've been sticking to this whole time.
Yes, people don't like to just, also people just don't like to be like, oh man, I was wrong about that.
Yeah.
It's okay, nobody's, you're not a bad person to be like, man, COVID came and I kind of freaked, I kind of went over, I went too far.
You know when it gets, when it gets Chris Cuomo just came out and said he's got a vaccine injury.
That guy was pushing that shit on TV forever.
[22:08] And he said he got it with his first dose and then he got it again with his second dose.
Ladies and gentlemen, I apologize for that cough.
I could have reached for that button, I got lazy.
I could have just reached for that button.
I could have just pressed that button.
Wait, what's a vaccine injury?
Something happens when you get the COVID shot.
You know, what's a vaccine injury?
Something happens when you get the COVID shot.
You know, it's not just the COVID shot.
There's people that have adverse reactions to all kinds of medications, right?
But particularly to this one, this is one that the first time they ever rolled something out to billions of people worldwide.
And some people had terrible reactions.
And one of them, my apparently was Chris Cuomo.
Interesting.
Yeah, people get a heart palpitations, bad blood worth, they get clots.
There's a bunch of different confirmed side effects that happen.
Myocarditis is some.
Also there's a thing about, you're supposed to, when you inject them, [23:02] you're supposed to aspirate, which means when you inject it into the muscle, because it's intramuscular, you're supposed to pull back the syringe to make sure that you're not hitting a blood vessel.
And they never do that.
Even on the president.
If you watch the president give vaccine on TV, and I don't think you got vaccinated on TV.
What do you mean, John?
I don't think they took that chance.
I think there was salt water in the chain.
I don't think they took that ship for real.
Well, I'm just saying on TV, I'm sure they probably vaccinated him.
Did you have a side effect?
Oh, I was sick as a dog.
Yeah.
Wife was fine.
I was fucked up.
What did it do to you?
It felt like I got into a car wreck or something.
I was just completely tired, just tired.
For how long?
Like two days.
That's not bad.
Yeah, then it bounced right back.
You know, but it felt like where it was like, oh man, Derek, you're sick.
That's shit.
I think that's the normal reaction if it's working.
Oh.
See, the problem is when you have a bad reaction.
You know, your body reacts to it in a negative way.
Like there's people that have had strokes and heart attacks and people have died like right after the shot.
[24:07] And you know, no one wants to attribute it to the shot.
But a bunch of injuries they have attributed definitely directly to the shot.
You know, like they confirmed it when it's happened.
They won't say it's zero.
They won't say it's zero.
But the real question is like how many people, how many people are being honest about it?
How many people are even telling people about it because even though they feel like shit after they got vaccinated, even though they have health problems, they told people to get vaccinated.
They were at, because so it takes like this, big moment of bravery to sort of admit, just step out and admit, I got caught up in the madness of it all and I didn't know what the fuck I was talking about and I was shaming people and telling people to do something.
Yeah.
This is New York Times now.
Now it's interesting because Alex Baronson wrote a piece about this.
He said it's hardcore gaslighting and his sub stack, you go to his sub stack, it's very [25:01] interesting.
But this is in New York Times.
Thousands believe COVID vaccines harm them, is anyone listening.
All vaccines have at least occasional side effects, but people who say they were injured by COVID vaccines believe their cases have been ignored.
Well, they have, they have been ignored.
I have friends that have been ignored.
I never really hear that side of it though.
That's crazy.
Yeah.
There's a lot of, if you're in that world, like I got dragged into that world unfortunately.
I did not want to be in that world.
It did not want to be in the world of arguing with people about medical information or medical facts or just whatever fucking pharmaceutical drug company propaganda.
You got a battle against like who wants to be involved in that, Shed.
Yeah.
I just stay out of my life.
I'll stay out of your eyes.
You can trick people into doing this every year.
You do whatever you gotta do.
But once you get dragged into it, you're like, oh, this is kind of evil.
I knew it was evil when they were vaccinating kids.
When they were forcing kids to get vaccinated because no data, I mean none, zero.
[26:02] So it was dangerous for kids.
All data pointed to that kids got over this very easy.
And that elderly people.
Yeah.
My kids got it was nothing.
It was nothing.
It's elderly people.
It's vulnerable people.
It's overweight people.
That was like a big percentage of the people that died.
Why do they want to accidentally, like, for what run?
They're making money off of it.
Yeah, and also to help people feel better that are like super anxious, that their word their kids are gonna give it to them.
But it's, it was a wild time, man, to watch the whole world lose its fucking mind.
It was a wild time.
And it was a perfect time for us to come out here.
It was perfect.
Perfect, so.
And we were right.
We were right people.
We were right.
We were so right.
We were right.
You guys are all back to normal life now except suckier.
Yeah.
You guys are back in LA.
You're back to normal life but more dangerous, more crime, more sucky.
Shows are nowhere near as high.
I've been there's no they are not as close to as hot as these shows in Austin, Texas.
Anywhere you go Joe, you can in a three block span I can get up six times.
[27:09] So what I'll show is all hot, great lineups.
I mean that iron sharpens iron feelings.
Watch it when I got to watch when I was at the store parking cars.
Yeah.
Door-guided and I got to see that.
Yeah.
So that's I know that oh this is happening here.
Yeah, we set up a destination to destination for comics It's like they're gonna go visit Disneyland and everybody's welcome so they come all the time Yeah, and so you know like class week we got Colin Quinn, Christopher no Shains in there all the time and shulks when he comes by and Dave when he's in town It's a prize of the how he man Dell or something like what the fuck how we do yeah, yeah, yeah Ron lights there all the time It's amazing.
It's amazing.
We're lucky shit man But it's almost like the universe wanted this to happen because all the things that had to be in place for this to To happen yeah, they're all just sort of like you know When you drive in and you just keep hitting green lights like there lights red [28:01] But as you're pulling up like do I have to slow down?
No, green light.
Bam, let's go.
That's what it was like.
Like at every point, we just kept hitting green lights.
Yeah.
And everyone move a shame moving.
It did just, and now the filling guys here, and you feel more people are moving.
Yeah.
When Duncan moved here, that was big.
Tom was the early, he was one of the earliest.
Yeah.
I go dude, I go it's awesome here.
I go people are friendly, it's like there's no traffic and we can do comedy.
He's like I'm moving.
That's it.
Thomas out here early.
He was there for me.
So that was cool to see big dogs.
To see like big dogs.
Big dogs who have to move like their families.
That's what I mean.
So to me that's what made it more real too because I'm looking at it like, well I'm a comic, I am more than a lose me, and my wife have no kids, we're just kind of flying by the seat of our pants.
But when you see people get up and move their family, it's like, no, that's a decision.
I don't think he's fucking around here.
Like I remember people saying, oh he's never gonna build a club.
It's like, and it's fucking families here I mean I was saying that's gonna happen, but I wasn't talking about it too much people Everyone people were telling me I was dumb.
Oh Joe.
I'm not gonna say names, but you know who you fucking are [29:11] Famous comic Sandy who wrote you oh man.
He fucked up your career Sorry Lee Fuck I love you I'm fear yeah Bobby I sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I That's laughing.
And you can start taking a U.A.
Yeah, yeah.
Everything's kind of like, that's one of the beautiful things about Bobby, everything's like half a gag.
But also like the reality that he doesn't like, you know, the anxiety of that move, the whole thing, the fear of it.
And for you to do it, he's gonna shit on you because you did a thing that he probably should do too.
Clearly, yeah.
I mean, I talked to when he was out here.
He's like, fuck.
I go just move here.
And I all say it right when they come.
[30:06] Right when they come.
They all are like, oh, you can see it on him.
Yeah, he left the club with two beautiful ladies.
I was like, where you going, Bobby?
He's like, I'll be back.
I'm famous here.
Ha ha that though.
Yeah, they were scared You made a big mistake.
I was like bro.
You made you had collila.
We all have a stage to fuck out my face, doc Talk about right now I'm so glad I did man just so glad I did brother.
Yeah, man.
I'm so glad I did brother.
Yeah man, I'm glad you did too.
Change what, I mean that helped me meet Shultz.
I didn't know Shultz and LA.
I got here and then he was coming to San Antonio and Tony, he hit up Tony Hitchcliffe.
Thank God for Tony and he hit up Tony and said hey I need a host for tonight.
Tony said, and I'll never, it's awesome that Tony said, then he showed me this too.
He said, [31:05] Shultz, I got the perfect guy for you.
I think you guys will work well together.
He called and he said, man, and Tony told me, he said, I have a feeling you guys are gonna be friends.
And now that's my brother.
Like, you know, he came't think about Tony when they think about that, which is kind of crazy, because that's what Kill Tony is.
Yes.
He doesn't get the credit that he deserves for starting careers.
Like, there's a lot of guys that they started their career with Tony.
And he's really good at promoting people.
Like, he's a real generous about it.
Yeah.
He's always talking about it.
On camera and off camera.
That's what people don't see.
They think, oh he's doing that on a kill.
Tony's like, no, he's doing that off camera.
He's doing that in the green room.
He'll tell us about how someone killed in the green room about let someone open for him somewhere and they murdered.
And yeah, no.
He'll tell you to be like, oh Joe, look at this this time.
Yeah, Tony loves comedy.
He loves it.
He fucking lives it.
He [32:05] breathes it.
So having that guy in town too was huge.
Like Tony moved real early on too.
Yeah.
You know, but Tony and me were best friends.
We've been on the road together like, I don't know, 150 fucking shows somewhere somewhere around that range.
Probably more than that.
Over the years, I mean, I've been doing shows with him for at least 10 years.
You know, I don't even know when we started doing shows together, but it had to be before 2014.
I think I met him at the ice house like way back in the day.
And so like, I've seen that dude like really come together.
I've seen that dude like really become like a killer comedian.
You know, watching on the roast last night or Saturday night.
God damn dude.
God damn.
That one he said about Sam.
She held Nas the pussy.
She held Nas the pussy.
Oh hell no.
Oh my god.
And the one about Bert.
[33:01] Oh he was going in.
The Berzen King.
The Berzen King.
The Tiger King for the liver king.
The, he was going in.
The person king.
The person king.
The tiger king for delivery king.
The delivery like running.
He came from, oh, bro.
He's the goat.
When it comes to that rostin shit, man, I think he to goat.
He's to goat.
I think he's the great.
Tony's the best.
You know, I'm not gonna say it, but there was some forces that were trying to limit him from his ability to shine.
They see it.
They see him coming for it.
They know he's coming for the title.
He's reckless and that's what they're not.
Okay.
There's a there's a kind of like reckless comedy.
You know that like you know you're going to take the heat but you don't give a fuck you're going in.
That's reckless.
That's Tony.
Tony's reckless.
He's driving fast and he's going to crash.
That's reckless.
That's Tony.
Tony's reckless.
He's driving fast and he's gonna crash.
It's like he's gonna crash.
But he's just like real confident in his mechanic.
Yeah, he goes.
He goes.
He's going for the comedy.
And that's what that's a comedy used to be, right?
Yeah.
And now there's a lot of people today that that's not what comedy is for them anymore.
[34:03] Now they're like trying to color inside the lines and there's people that want to be funny but they also kind of want to appeal to the wokesters.
Yes.
They want to appeal to this ridiculous ideology that's very controlling.
But if they do, then the comments that they read on Twitter will be positive because those are the kind of like socially retarded cuts that sit at home all day and complain about things.
So if you want to get their input, you have to kind of like feed into their nonsense.
Oh, and that ruins comments.
Ruins comments.
That ruins it.
Ruins great comics.
It does.
It turns great comics into cowards.
Yeah, you see it.
Like, they're so you can see it while they're on stage, like, oh, you're worried about an acting job in the back of your head.
It's not even a real job.
You don't even have it yet.
It's just a job in the future that you might, I don't wanna piss off.
It's like, bro, it's not even a real thing.
Yeah, the connection between comedy and Hollywood is one of the worst is of a connection.
[35:07] Yeah, they don't belong in the same universe.
No, no, no, but the thing is like they offered that carrot up to us.
They dangle that money carrot, that carrot of TV.
Ooh, Derek, don't you want to be in the movies?
Ooh, Derek, don't you want to host your own sitcom or be on a sitcom or host a late night talk show or.
As a kid, that's what you see.
You're like, wow, everybody loves Raymond.
All these great things and they are great.
But you're like, one of the best things that happened to us was the internet, because the internet did a bunch of different things.
One, it made comics valuable to each other instead of in competition with each other.
Because not only do we, everybody has a show, right?
If you have podcasts, all our friends have shows, right?
So not only do they have shows, but that you can have them on as a guest or you can go on their show when you need to promote something.
And then we all help each other and then we tell you, hey, check out Derek and Nasson [36:04] to do this.
Check out Tony, check out William and everybody does that and then everybody grows but there's no nobody loses whereas in Hollywood if you were the host of the tonight show and I wanted to be the host of tonight show I'd be like fuck Derek I need that job I want that job when I was a kid I wanted to be the host of the nitro, but Derek's the host god damn it I fucking hate Derek.
I hope he crashes car That's how there was I mean that's that whole thing with the David Letterman and Jay Leno Which a Leno was waiting he was hiding in the closet son Hiding in the closet while they were having a conversation about him.
That's and that's too much That's insane.
That's is fucking insane.
And then I know they think between him and Conan, it's just like, bro, fuck all that.
Also, like Jimmy Kimmel's chiming in, everybody's chiming in, they're all like, like, everyone, Jimmy Kimmel be raided, Jay Leno, you're trying to Conan took over tonight's show.
[37:08] Because Jay Leno did his show at 10 o'clock, or like right before it, right?
He did it during primetime hours.
So like he...
You can't do that, that's bullshit.
Yeah, just even hearing all that.
Like damn, I'm so glad I'm in this era.
Fuck that.
The idea of, you can just like I said, just going on each other's pocket, it says you started pockets Joe, pretty much.
Did you see, because when you started, you must not have known that, oh, we're all gonna go on each others.
Where did you see that become like, oh, this is, what was the attitude that we had about the store was the podcast.
Cause the attitude at the store, even in like the early 2000s, like when things were popping there, the attitude was like very supportive.
If you were cool, if you're cool and all you wanna do is just be friendly and hang out and have a good time, everybody was cool with you.
If there was a real disagreement with people, [38:02] 100%, someone was a con 100% it wasn't just competitive bullshit but in the nineties man dude sort of like say shit to you before you went on stage try to fuck with your confidence yeah they make fun of your clothes or talk about your hair or something just say something do right before you went on stage like I was like, what?
That sucks bro.
Pro.
Bro, there was people that would like mock your act.
Like there was like mock laugh from the back of the room.
Like, ha ha.
You would hear comics say that and then leave the room.
Oh, just like if I'm having a bad set man, I know.
Like I'm aware.
Bro, there was so many.
There were so many haters.
I remember there was dudes who were sitting in the back of the open mic night, heckling open micers because they wanted them to leave so they could get up earlier.
Yeah.
Like get this fucking show over.
Next, like what, this person just darted?
[39:00] What are you doing?
I might fucking kill you.
That's, I would be so upset.
I would be, that's crazy to do this to somebody.
There's also like certain dudes like say if you are, right now you're like a traveling middle act and there's a kid who's an open maker and you see him coming and he starts building up momentum and then he starts going on the road and then all of a sudden this guy is headlining before you are what the fuck?
on the road and then all of a sudden this guy is headlining before you are What the fuck and that happens and then he's selling out places fuck him you believe you selling out theaters man Who you believe that guy's selling out theaters and you sit in the fucking hallway of the comedy store?
You believe that guy's selling out theaters man.
This is bullshit Stupid old dumb mentality a stupid old dumb mentality that's stupid old famine mentality from mentally ill people who are narcissists.
And they just can't believe that other people are having success too.
It's not even that they're not doing pretty good.
It's like no one's ever happy if someone's doing better.
[40:02] God, I thank God for my best friends with Brian Simpson.
Every time he gets anything.
I mean, anything in his career, and he's no biggie is, every time the first time you've got on a Rogan, first time he got the Netflix thing, he looks right at me every time it goes, you're next.
Yeah.
Derek, you're next.
Doesn't mean, no matter what he gets, were like, man, I want to be like this guy.
It's got the best comic I know.
Yeah, super.
It means everything.
It means everything.
And that's the, when you have that kind of environment, it feels good for everybody.
This is what it's important.
The selfish feeling that you want no one to do better than you and you want to be number one.
And then if you see people doing better than you, you get angry, that selfish feeling is, it ruins you, because it ruins your relationships with those people, you could have the exact same circumstances happen and be super happy for everybody, for you and for you, there's no tension, there's no need to it, there's no need for it.
And if someone makes you feel bad, [41:02] I give you watch someone like, they're so good they make you feel bad.
Go to work.
Go to work.
That's a good feeling.
That's good.
When the tell was in town, I want to watch it tell, be like, I want to go home and write.
I want to go home and write.
This fucking guy is like, he's like a Zen master up there.
He's like effortlessly killing.
Yes I was like, God, this is so good.
But if you're a hater, that's poison.
You're watching, you're getting the exact opposite feeling from the same exact scene, the same scene.
You, there's guys that, well, I've seen guys sitting in the back room, they were watching Chris Rock and they're watching Chris Rock with their arms crossed like this, like, wanting him to suck, wanting him to suck, not wanting him to do well.
Not just enjoying it.
Enjoy him.
This is, this is not gonna create.
Yes.
Aren't you a fan of this?
Well, it only has to be you.
You're the only one who could be funny.
That's crazy.
That's crazy.
You can't have a good time.
So you're missing out on having a good time [42:00] just so you could be selfish.
There I'm just so you could be selfish.
There's a zero upside.
And it ruins your life, like now you're at home, man.
Like it's just ruins your day, you're all white.
Like everything's ruined.
And if someone does fail that you wanted to fail and you feel good, you should be embarrassed.
You should be embarrassed by that feeling.
You should be like, what a weak bitch I am.
You know what this is, a batch, you should be him.
You should be him.
You should be embarrassed.
I'm embarrassed.
You really should.
You should 100%.
But I think this is all like, people need to learn this.
You need to learn this and learn it in a way where it doesn't feel bad if you take it on.
You don't feel like a fool.
Because we've all been fools.
I've been a fool.
Everyone's in this room.
Everyone listening's been a fool.
We've all been a fucking moron.
That's how you learn and grow in life.
But if you stick to the old ways, you'll just be unhappy and mentally ill.
Yeah.
Yeah, your therapist's not gonna save you.
I mean, I learned, you might even remember this.
[43:02] I learned a lesson in young that in comedy, being young and just talking too much and just being kind of angry and wanting more as a door and you talked to me.
I don't know if you remember that.
You got on me one time.
Hey Derek, you got to shut up man.
I don't even remember you telling me to do this.
What was this?
Was that the store?
This was at the much.
At the end of the day, I want to get all of the stuff if I was talking too much and you did that and that was good.
I needed that.
You have some time to hear that.
We get wrapped up in our own shit.
Like the process is long.
Like if I was trying to tell someone right now to be a comic and they were like 26 years old.
I'd be like, okay.
You ain't gonna be famous until you're 40.
Like, if you make it, if you, if you make it.
You know, you gotta be willing to throw it all away and you gotta be willing to go through this weird path where you want things and they're not happening [44:02] and you get angry and that's where you were.
Yes.
You were, you wanted things and I was like, Derek, you got to be undeniable.
Yes.
You got to be undeniable.
When you're undeniable, it's all going to come your way.
But all this talk is not good for anybody.
It's crazy, you just don't, but it's, I'm glad I went through that.
You know what I mean, I'm glad I went through it because now it's just so much better to enjoy.
Appreciate it.
Appreciate it.
Yeah.
And it's almost like you have to go through, I had those feelings.
I remember being in an open mic night and I wasn't on the list.
I couldn't get on the list.
I was like, angry like, why can't I go up?
This is bullshit.
That person, yeah, stupid.
It's just like you just have to deal with the grind.
It's like the part, it's part of the thing.
Part of the thing, it's like what makes you better.
It's like those uncomfortable things they build inside of you.
Those uncomfortable moments and feelings, they add inspiration, they add determination, they add discipline, they make you focus more.
They make you listen to tapes, [45:01] they make you go over your, go through your notebook.
You know?
Man, I really appreciate those comedy store times.
I think everyone should be not a dog out of the man.
It's just good.
I think it's just good for you to just sit and learn.
You have no choice.
You're there.
The stope about the comedy store too was the fact that there was a real attitude that everyone was a comic, including the door piece.
Yes.
The doorpiece people to me were me when I was 23.
I was like, what's up?
What's going on, man?
Everything cool, you know?
You met you big hug.
First thing you said, yeah, what's up?
New guy.
Yeah.
I remember like it's just maybe.
All you guys, oh man.
Yeah.
The coolest thing, one of the coolest things about stand up that I learned from you, Joe.
It was, so when I got there, you were finishing triggered.
Like you were, you were, that was about to come out.
So you were doing the, on the stool, but the Caitlin Jenner, I mean, it was so tight, you were going, standing, oh, every time you did it, it was nuts.
Then the special came out, and then'd see it for the first time you're like, okay, I kind of see the skeleton, I saw the skeleton of strange times and I was like, [46:09] oh yeah, I guess.
And then the next day you'd see the little bit of muscle on it.
And then the next, you didn't, you never abandoned it.
Even though it wasn't hidden like how the other stuff was hitting or something like that wasn't going as well as maybe you wanted it to, you never abandoned it.
You never were like, oh I'm gonna do crowd work, oh I'm gonna say an old bit and get out of this.
No.
And then I saw strange times, but come strange times.
And that was amazing to see you.
It takes a long time to get a bit going.
And if you bail on it, when you fr- every one of my bits, except for a few, sucked in the beginning.
There's just, they're clunky.
Yes, you don't know how to do it right.
You can see you were trying to find it.
You know, it's a terrible process.
It's terrible, it's terrible process.
It really is.
It's a terrible process.
Brian Simpson did it the smartest way.
Well, Brian did was he had his whole hour laid out and then before he filmed his hour, he created a new hour.
So he started adding material to the set over the course of a year [47:02] till he had another hour.
And so then he films the special and he's got an extra hour.
That's Brian Simpson.
That's Brian Simpson playing to the future.
He has his socks laid out by his bed.
So Brian's playing to do his.
That's his plan for the future.
Brian gave me a book on what to do if the world collapses.
He gave us all that book.
Yeah, like the book of man or the book.
I think it's called the book.
It's how to rebuild society.
I'm like, what the fuck are you planning?
Brian's got books planned on how to save society.
Yeah.
He's one of one man.
Yeah.
We're real lucky.
We're real lucky and he's another guy that came out here really early.
So when everybody was out here early, you know, I had gone through this thing where I had the first club in the deal fell apart, the cult house.
The cult house.
Yeah, we've got down glad we didn't get that one.
[48:00] That would have ruined everything.
Yeah, that would not have been as...
No.
...because the placement of this one.
It's perfect.
The fact that it's on that maniac street.
Yeah.
Yeah, that street's alive.
Yeah.
That street's alive.
I like that because that's an audience member when you get there, you're like, you're now awake.
You don't get the wandered in.
Like it's not even a mall or some shit.
Well, when the deal fell through with the cult place and then we walked into that movie theater when it was a movie theater still, I remember walking in there going, oh shit.
I go, okay.
This is it, it was so clear.
It was like you hear a sound in the distance of the direction you're supposed to go to, you're boom.
Okay, here we go.
That's how it felt.
It really felt like that.
It god damn man this place is alive This place has like got memories Stevie Ray on Stevie Ray Vaughn was on that stage.
Willie Nelson was on that stage.
Willie Nelson was on that stage Yeah, man all those dudes in the green room all those posters are in the green room.
Yeah, those are all real shows from the Ritz [49:02] Yeah, I did not know that yeah, man a.
A lot of bands played there.
A lot of bands.
Yeah.
So you could feel it in the walls.
There's a lot of things happening in that place.
It used to be a pool hall.
It used to be a newty movie theater at one point.
She is in there, bro.
Yeah.
Buckets.
There's a movie theater for the longest time where it was a Alamo draft house.
That was like more than 10 years It was a it was a lot of things, you know, it was a punk rock bar at one point in time You know, it was a that places got history.
It's from 1827 19 1927 right is that right?
Yeah 1927.
Yeah 1927 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 and 19 like the energy in that.
It's awesome.
Well, it's also the energy that's been baked in just in the year that we've been open.
[50:05] Yeah.
Bro, that year flew by.
That year flew by.
It flew by.
It flew by.
It makes me think I'm gonna be dead real soon.
I don't know if you know that at my time.
How much time do you have?
If I go through 50 more of those, it'll be a miracle.
So that's not gonna happen.
I know.
Go through 50 of them.
It's not possible.
Wow, did you think that?
When you set it up, like I'm setting this up for, when I'm gone, this baby, this is like the comedy story, it'll just run.
Well, I didn't think that.
No, I just thought to set up the best thing you can set up.
That's all I thought.
I thought like I have this crazy unique moment where not only did the world shut down in Texas didn't but also all these comedians came out here to do shows and I got this Spotify deal.
And I'm like okay I'm supposed to do this like if anybody's supposed to do this like if you were a kid and they said to you if you got [51:02] all this money what would you you know what You know what I do?
I'd make the ultimate of using a park.
You know?
Just a member of my friend.
But nobody ever does that.
People get fuck you money and they never say fuck you.
And I don't get that.
If you have fuck you money and you don't say fuck you, what you're doing is it's a crime against fortune.
You have the incredible fortune to have fuck you money.
The incredible luck, the incredible fortune to be in this weird position where all these comedians decided to come to this place because you and your friends were there.
I mean, like Ron Whites, he's the fucking leader of the pack.
Pie, pie, pie, pie.
He's the pie, pie, pie.
Pie-piper.
He's the pie-piper.
Cause Ron was out here before COVID.
Ron was out here in like 2017, I think, or 18.
Was he retired yet already or no?
He wasn't retired, but he was like, I fly out of Austin, it's much easier.
You're in the middle, you can fight fucking two and a half hours in New York, two and a half hours L.A.
Fucking people are nice, food's amazing.
[52:05] I was like, damn, maybe I could, because I had always entertained leaving L.A.
But the store just always kept me there.
The store and my friends.
Yeah.
Jiu Jitsu, I mean, I tried for a while, tried moving to Colorado for a little bit.
But the store always pulled me back.
It's like, there's, you can't replicate that.
You did.
Yeah, well, it's my felt like there's no other way it could have ever happened.
It had all those things had to happen in place, where the comedy store had to get shut down so we can get all the people that worked at the comedy store to come over and start the mothership.
People that like Eric, Curtis, and Adam, yeah, and Jody, and Carrie, Carrie's the shit.
Like, it wasn't for Carrie, she's the best.
But she was always the best at the store.
So when she's over there, it's like, oh, this is wonderful.
You know, and then she knew all the right servers, and then we get this vibe going, and then the whole idea, and Adams, it was Adams' idea to do it the same way the store was.
[53:01] I was a little apprehensive.
Like, man comics cause problems in their employees.
Like, a lot of us are dirt bags.
A lot of us are crazy.
Joe, I robbed the communist party.
I robbed that fucking place.
It's the worst.
Shit.
You're not gonna have to make it happen.
Yeah, I'm probably not making it up.
But it wouldn't just be maybe a son the son.
We all owe you money.
We were, but I'm sure.
You were just hustling, I mean, we hustling, cause it's like, well, I'm only making a couple of bucks.
I mean, get up.
I'm gonna fucking hustle this door.
Trying to stay alive.
Trying to stay alive.
Yeah, I mean, but there was that problem.
That was like, but Adam was like, yeah, but you know what auditioning and because now Adam is running it so we didn't have to have this like This is one of things that I told him because there's a pressure that he had an LA to have like X amount of women and X amount of gay people like people talked about it and they would email him They'd complain to him people can front him, you know how can we have more women on your lineup girls?
[54:04] Girl comics to say, I said, listen man, this is 100% meritocracy.
I know you're not sexist, I know you're not racist, I know you're not homophobic, you don't care.
All you care, you speak the language of funny.
This will be a pure meritocracy.
And if you're really good, you're gonna get through.
And if you're bullshitting and just using whatever the fuck group you're a part of, as like a Willy Wonka golden ticket, thinking it's gonna get you a career, fuck you.
Okay, that shit doesn't work here.
Yep.
You know?
I love that.
And with that, there is a, the best way to make a diverse show is just like you said, put the funniest people up.
The show will naturally yeah it will naturally diversify itself baby so many different people work in there everybody's different and different in all kinds of ways there's gay and straight and there's black and white and no one fucking cares yep I'm even noticing no one cares no one cares no one cares all the [55:01] cares are you funny yep can you go up there and do the damn thing?
Assah did 9-11, no one gives a fuck.
He's just a funny dude.
We all just forgive him.
So funny that he's a shit-it.
Ah, boy, he's coming a long way, man.
That Joey DeSpa, just telling me on the phone yesterday, I was on the phone with Joey Yosef, he's like, well, Assah blew my mind.
He goes he blew my mind.
I remember that game when he was just starting out Yeah, he's out there.
He's fucking Joey's coming.
He's coming.
Joey's moving.
He's coming again in a couple weeks He's gonna be back.
He's gonna be back for quite a while and then we're gonna get him a place He's gonna get a place on just in the neighborhood.
He's moving.
He's got him over here He can't stay in New Jersey I'll be respect in New Jersey, but I'll respect.
He needs to be around his peers.
You saw it when he was here.
Yeah, he was feeling on a man.
And at the days when how much more comfortable like he, oh, he started moving like Joey Deat, when Joey would be in the main room.
And it was like that when he left that man.
She's the best.
So it's perfect.
So when Joey gets here [56:07] That'll change everything god damn.
That's gonna change everything Joey's working on Theo Theo's coming soon.
He's gonna be here What's to that?
It's gonna be here in 10 days Yeah, so we'll have Theo here for a couple weeks and then Theo said he might come down for the whole month of July Theo here for a couple weeks and then Theo said he might come down for the whole month of July.
You're fucking Samuel Jackson with the Avengers baby.
You're just getting them all round him up.
I'm recruiting man.
I'm recruiting.
But I only want people that want to be here.
If you don't want to be here, it's like, I get it, I get it, I get it.
There's no pressure.
You don't have to come here, but it would be nice.
It's fun.
With Joe DeRose, we got a place here.
Joe DeRose, let's go.
Let's go.
The road's through the man.
Everyone you're saying, but everyone you're saying also great phenomenal beast of a comic.
Yeah.
And nice people.
Great people.
That's the big thing.
The big thing is all real friendly, real nice people.
And the more, more of that, the better Red Bans clubs killing it.
Yes.
How was it?
13 second walk from my club to Red Bans club.
[57:06] You can get up.
You got three chairs.
Right next door, creaking the cave, always a great room.
Right down the street.
This little place, Black Rabbit, which I love right there, you'll get up, I mean, they're all within a book.
Black rabbits do and stand up now.
How long have they been open but uh that's a what I mean it's just such a little 50 seat box.
So me and a son just love that little.
And bro the Vulcan is still a banger of a club.
Shout out to the Vulcan.
If you get up there that's a great fucking show.
The Vulcan is a great room and then you can drive over to Cap City.
I mean, it's kept us alive.
Right.
It's the it kept blood in his throat.
That place was like a mask that we were all sharing, like scuba diving.
Just, we give it to each other.
Yeah.
We're staying alive, you know?
That shows us a lot.
Those two's they Wednesday Thursday's just, oh, he just, he was just getting through.
Yeah.
That place kept us alive.
[58:01] And then of course, kill Tony.
Haven't killed Tony in a town changes the town.
Because now all that, there's all these temptations to go down the road of fuckery when you're first on stage.
You want to try to like make yourself out to be something you wish you were.
You want people to think you're smart.
You want people to think you're cool.
And if you have five minutes, sometimes five minutes is too much in the beginning.
You really don't deserve five minutes.
Sometimes five minutes is too much in the beginning.
You really don't deserve five minutes.
You deserve a minute.
Is everyone minute?
There should be a bunch of people doing one minute.
And this should be like belts.
Like you're a white belt.
You just started out.
Okay, you've been doing comedy six months, eight months.
Maybe you're ready for your blue belt.
It depends on how much you get on stage.
And then a couple of years after that, now you're purple belt.
Now you're opening up for really good comics when they're on the road.
This guy's in town, you can open for him, Colin Quinn wants you to open for him.
Oh shit, now you're purple belt.
Now you start going on the road as a middle act.
Now you're brown belt.
Now you might have 20 murderous minutes.
You might be doing stand up six, seven years.
You're a brown belt now.
And then eventually you move in the headlining and then you get your black belt.
[59:05] And then you realize like, oh, people are coming to see me.
Okay.
I gotta work.
You know, they're coming to see me.
That's a different thing.
Sit down, you know.
Like it has to take, like I will run away from a conversation if I get an idea because I know they're slippery.
They're slippery.
They slip through your fingers sometimes.
Sometimes you just have a great idea.
You're like, like, my family gets it, my wife gets it.
I'll go, hang on, I got an idea.
I have an idea.
I just have to say I have an idea and everybody leaves me around and I just run away.
I run away so no one could talk to me.
And then I grab my phone and I just start either talking into it which is the best because then I can that's beautiful bro.
I've seen you do that where you just completely.
You know what Neil Brennan said to me once?
He said, I think of my notebook as like a net that I catch my ideas in.
I was like, ooh.
Ooh, Neil Brennan's a smart motherfucker.
That's a great quote.
That is because it's exactly what it is.
[1:00:00] The moment you do the thing where you're like, oh you think of something like, I'm gonna write it down later.
Yeah, it's gone.
Bro, you know why I've been thinking about going to Android?
Because Samsung phones, when you, if you record your sets, transcribes them.
Really?
Yeah, with AI, and it'll summarize it for you.
Crazy.
Yeah, Brian Simpson's right about that too.
He's got that fucking galaxy phone.
Tony's always making fun of him.
And I'm like, Tony, do you understand what that phone can do?
That phone can translate, like built into the phone, can translate you talking to a ton of different languages, like instantaneously translate.
Why are we still on iPhones?
Because we're trapped.
Also, it's a safer operating system.
That's the thing that I've been really getting into.
I've been really researching like exploits and I watched quite a few videos, but I also read a story where they were talking about when they were trying to see they had an iPhone and an Android phone and they checked to see [1:01:00] which one was contacting foreign servers based on the apps.
And it was way more the Android.
The Android was contacting foreign servers based on the apps.
And it was way more the Android.
The Android was contacting foreign servers way more, contacting China and Russia.
And the iPhone one was like one or two a day.
And it's based on, there's a lot of shit going on that we're not thinking about, right?
What you're interested in is valuable.
So if you're scrolling through Google, and you're looking at a bunch of different products, you're looking at a bunch of different things, Google gets that information and then inserts those ads into your browser.
So then when you go to a website and you say, oh, I was looking at those shoes.
How many shoes were they out right here?
It's just click here.
It tells you the price.
Oh, what a bargain.
And you think about it, that's valuable, right?
And so that's what they're constantly trying to scoop up.
They're trying to scoop up your data.
They wanna know what you're doing, what you're listening to, what you're watching.
What do you, what do you, what do you, you got Netflix, what do you got this?
You got that, you got YouTube premium.
Woo, you got a Tesla.
You got a Tesla app.
There's all this data that your phone carries.
[1:02:07] And iPhone is pretty good at keeping that data.
They're like a closed system, right?
And that would they call themselves?
Yeah, a walled garden.
Yeah.
Android is not so good at that.
Android is the opposite, it seems like.
It's got open source, which is really good.
So a bunch of different people can make apps, but the problem with that is you could get apps that are malware.
You can get apps that will get, that will infect you're a wild motherfucker just downloading every app that's on the Play Store.
I don't think they do as good a job.
And I think you can't use side load on Android as well.
Probably.
So this pros and cons man.
This pros to like if you make an Android app like you could just say you know why is there a fucking app for this and you could design an app that does it and then just throw it up on the Play Store and people could just download it and put it but you could be a criminal and you could put some shit on on you know either side [1:03:01] loading or put some shit on you know one of these places where you can download apps and inside that it's something like you just steal all your credit card information on your phone.
If you're using like Google Pay or some stuff.
Some random Google Pay Power or some shit.
There's apps that can, when you sign up for TikTok, they know your keystrokes.
They know all your keystrokes.
So everything you type, it knows.
Not only that, it has access to computers that don't have TikTok on them, that are on the network.
So if you have a computer, but your computer doesn't have TikTok, but you have TikTok on your phone, they have access to your computer.
I know that sounds crazy.
That sounds like that couldn't be real.
Joe, why would they do that?
I think it's more than them.
And this is what Adam Curry said.
Like Adam Curry saying like this is a TikTok band.
He goes, believe me, he goes, the real problem with TikTok is that they're doing a better job of keeping people addicted and that they don't like the idea that [1:04:00] China is dominating this social media games.
Yeah, it's good.
It's good.
They figured out her way to make it very, very, very addictive.
But they're getting data, constant data of what you like, what you're interested in, what you get mad about, what you comment on, how you comment, what you like with hearts, what you keep going back to and don't tell anybody about If you look in your fucking if you look in your your your your search And it's all but it's all that but fat butts.
That's because you like fat butts And they know you like fat butts Yeah, look at other people's feeds are very very different than mine if you look in that like search Oh, yeah area on Instagram Like it's basically they know me.
They know what I like.
Yep animal tax Pass cars Nice butts.
Yeah, it's like But that data is super super super valuable and it's in like, how does one get access to that data?
[1:05:07] You know, do you get to access through some sneaky backdoor shit, or do you get access the normal way?
And but Apple does a better job of protecting your information, I think.
Yeah.
And you know what I think, Tujo, why we don't want to change?
It's something about the blue.
Mm-hmm.
I don't know what it is.
It's something about I send the blue to you and I get a blue back.
I like that.
Yeah, we're on the same team.
We're on the same fucking thing.
What the fuck is wrong with us, Joe?
We have those group workout texts and we send them, they have to go green because the fucking brain.
We have multiple chats.
Even though Apple is adopting this RCS platform, so RCS, it's not platform, what would you call it?
Protocol.
Protocol.
Thank you.
RCS is, what is it called?
Rich something, I forget what it stands for.
But it basically is, is like most of the way [1:06:02] to an iMessage, but through text message.
Cause right now a text messaging, rich communication services.
So that's the standard that everybody else is operating on, that Google's operating on.
So if I have a Google phone and I text you to a Samsung phone, it will be like that.
RCS, it's encrypted.
Green bubbles may not be going anywhere, but there's still hope for less archaic messaging experience So RCS is now gonna be on iPhones with I think iOS 18 is that what it is?
I think it comes out by the end of the year so by the end of the year like right now if Brian sends me a text message and it is a picture in it that picture is gonna look very dark shit.
It's gonna be compressed.
If he sends me a video, it's nonsense.
I can't barely see it.
It's like a little tiny square.
What the hell are you sending me, bro?
So we have to go on WhatsApp or Signal.
And on Signal, he can send me the whole video.
And I say, okay, I got the video now.
But there's so many things you can't do.
The big one is FaceTime.
FaceTime is big.
I love, I get random FaceTime [1:07:07] is from friends sometimes and I love it.
Yeah.
I love it.
Bert will send me a random one.
I was, we were, I was hanging with Brian.
This is a big moment too.
It's a cool moment.
I was hanging with Brian at the Black Keys.
We went to see the Black Keys at Stubbs.
And we're chilling backstage in that outside area, you know that outside, the cool area.
And we're hanging out with the Black Keys and Dave Chappelle FaceTime's me.
So I'm hanging out with Dave and Dave sees Brian.
He goes, oh, what's up, dog?
And they start talking and he goes, hey, I love you, man.
I think you're really fun.
So they're like going back and forth.
I'm like, this is amazing.
Like Brian is getting recognized by Dave.
That's awesome.
And he was like, he was beaming afterwards.
He's like, Brian was like, you know.
I can't imagine.
It was great.
I love those fucking random FaceTime calls.
That's awesome.
Love the, Bert sends me them all the time.
I love a random FaceTime call from a friend.
It's beautiful.
Cause I like calls from people.
Random calls from people annoying me.
[1:08:06] Like why you calling me bro?
Yeah, what do you want?
FaceTime, it's usually just something funny.
It's just something fun.
Someone cool.
Cool people.
Like when cool people send you a FaceTime, it's like wow, that's pretty badass.
That's pretty badass.
God, they should've held.
Yeah.
I'm just kidding you.
My introduction to Joe Rogan was, Joe Rogan, we're gonna look for a pair of New York bands.
I never heard of you before, dog.
I think that was all, I was like, who the fuck is Joe Rogan?
You know, that was an accident.
What?
I wasn't supposed to be on that.
Yeah, I was walking down the street and I saw Dave with a fake and I ran into Bobcat Gold Weight, you know Bobcat's the best.
And Bobcat was directing Dave on his first episode.
And so Bobcat was there.
I go, what are you guys doing?
I go, what's Dave, I'm a fucking mustache man.
He's like, hey Joe, you want to be on my show?
I go, what do I have to do?
He's like, we're going to hand out ribbons for the best New York boobs.
[1:09:06] I go, yeah, I got like an hour.
And then I have to meet some people for dinner and then we're going to go do my show.
Yeah.
You know, so let's do it.
So for one hour, like walked around with Dave, where I carried around a bunch of buttons,.
I already did it in the amounts of big fits.
And you're just smiling.
You're just smiling.
Dave has his crazy fake mustache on you.
So this is awesome.
Looking for great New York boobs.
Now I want you to think of this.
This is 2002 I guess.
Yeah, has to be.
2002 or 2003, whatever I guess to.
Imagine how crazy different New York is.
Wow.
In just 22 years.
I was there the other day I don't this yeah this is great is dangerous now and the same area look at me with the full head air Crazy oh they blurred someone out because he didn't sign the release see that one person their face blurred out See that no release yeah, they blurred that lady out [1:10:02] Interesting they blur people I saw his face.
I know that guy He's like these should too.
They blurred people.
Oh, I saw his face.
I know that guy.
He's like, these should too.
They did a shitty job.
Oh, that's so bad.
Look at these guys are my kids.
Jesus, this is a bad slap.
That's illegal now.
Oh, they would be so mad at them.
Oh my God, are you kidding me?
That'd be a assault.
Yeah.
That would be slavery that'd be everything everything you go to jail I got one interaction with Dave's failed.
I mean I hold on to this forever This is why being a door guy's the best show.
I'm parking cars one night All right, and it's my turn.
I'm waiting to go up in the belly room.
It's two people in that motherfucker Joe too, but I'm what you know, I'm wait finally my turn one of my other door guy friend shut out She's a piece of shit.
I did.
He smoked all my weed, you know, you know, Dave walks in during the, during the, and it's going and going as he's still bringing me up and then date.
And I'm like, looking now like, bring me up, bring me up.
Come on, like, like Dave's in the room, bring me up.
Right.
And he keeps, my friends, like, oh shit, guys, Dave should help.
The two people are like, what the fuck?
[1:11:06] He grabs a mic and he goes, I don't know who Derek Poston was, but that niggas credits were terrible.
And then I go down, because now I'm going watching him, and then of course the room's filled up as the night went on.
It's Dave.
He's there for a couple hours.
And then I'm downstairs parking cars again and somebody say, Dave's looking for you.
I run back up and Dave's going, you know, yada yada.
You know, Derek, I'm going to bring you up.
You deserve a shot.
You deserve a chance and all this stuff.
And I'm like, yo, Doc, thank you, man.
You black I wouldn't about you And it's two people that's a little bit by the end though it was sold out and it was crazy I've seen people come in the room.
Yeah, and it just that was just such a like man I'm so glad that had crazy memory Dave is a real artist in that like he embraces this process of [1:12:10] just I think he was a real artist in that he embraces this process of just exploring things on stage.
And it's how he writes.
So people will complain about it.
They'll complain that he goes for so long.
You don't understand.
You're watching George St.
Pierre lift weights.
Okay.
That's what you're watching.
You're going to see the fight eventually.
Right now you're watching.
Like you're gonna see the fight eventually.
But right now you're watching George do squats.
That looks more like it.
Yeah, but you're getting a rare opportunity.
And it's not the same experience, right?
Like if you see Dave with a tight set, he's feeling an ephix special, he's gonna murder.
He's gonna murder son.
Murder, murder, murder death kill.
Right?
He's gonna murder.
He's gonna murder son.
Murder, murder, murder, murder death kill.
Right, but the process of creating that murder death kill is like a boiling down process.
You start off with an idea and Dave will just run that idea raw.
Yeah.
You know, someone film him and then he goes over it and he pieces it apart and tries to figure out what was good and what was bad and why it worked and why it didn't work.
Yeah, and operate on that level of doing it for four hours [1:13:07] and doing it three in the morning where it's like, no, they're done.
Yeah, they're beyond tired.
They've been deep to shit.
It's way up.
But if he can get 10 minutes out of that or five minutes or one minute, it's worth it.
Cause you do 50 of those shows, you got a new hour.
Yeah, that's the thing.
I mean, nobody wants a bomb.
Like Chris Rock used to do it all the time.
He used to tell people like someone would kill at the store and Chris would show up and he would like purposely bring the audience down.
He goes, real ax.
Is that gonna be very good?
He would tell them.
I've seen him once do that where he straight up off the notepad.
And he was like, what do you say?
He's like, he's I'm going over the skeleton of it right now guys.
Like he was pretty much like, this is the, you're getting the bare bones.
Mm-hmm.
And it was like, whoa.
Yeah, and that's the way to do it.
Damon Wayne's just do that too.
Damon was great at that man.
Damon is the most unsung of the greats.
Yeah.
Yeah, in my opinion.
I remember Damon's HBO special, the last stand was fucking excellent.
Excellent, dude.
[1:14:05] And he was one of the first dudes that I saw on stage when I came to LA that was like a famous guy that stopped by.
I was like, oh shit, Damien Wayne's is here.
Dude, he was excellent, excellent.
And he would do that, too.
He would explore ideas.
He would just go up there and just fuck around for a long-ass time.
Wow.
Yeah.
And, you know, back then, like Damon doesn't get the respect that he deserves.
He doesn't get the love anymore.
People don't, because he did sitcoms and shit, he kind of got out of the comedy loop, did movies, people forgot.
But dude, I am telling you, man, when he was on, whoo, he was a, he was a master.
Very like Chappelle, very much that level.
Masterful.
Is this Dirty, is like in living color time too?
Wow.
Bro, Damon Wayans, he's one of the all-time greats.
He just doesn't get appreciated the way he should.
Wow.
My opinion, I mean, I've seen these guys live like when they were in their prime.
And Damon was, he was just so clever and so silly [1:15:04] and he would be laughing.
It was genuine laughter and he was having a good ass time on stage and talking about ridiculous shit He was great, man.
He was great and he was another one of those guys that would just take his time He would just go up there with some bear he would show up on fucking Wednesday night 11 o'clock Oh, Damon's here Damon's gonna go up and they'd let him up.
If 15 fucking people in the crowd, he'll be on stage for an hour.
For an hour.
Just fucking around and just trying to come up with bits.
Trying to find out if there's something there and put digging a little hole so he has to dig himself out.
Yeah.
You know, trying to laugh at stuff.
You have interesting process because you do that to yourself.
You'll be like, all right, who's the most famous, who are the best comics in the world?
Let me do an hour and a half of that and then I'll go up.
It's like, they've been beat to shit by Shane Gillis and Ron White and Tony and Slim Prime Simpson, a son of a, and then you go up.
And it's like, what the fuck?
It's running with wait time.
That's what it is Yeah, you run with weights on you got to hit that stage running you know I learned that going on after Joey because Joey Joe and it fit for 15 minutes Joey DS will punch a hole in the space time [1:16:15] Joey DS get punched a fucking hole in reality and 15 20 minutes of Joey DS is just like following that.
You got to come on stage, like fully engaged.
And one of the things you see from guys that tour with soft acts, the tour with like weak opening acts, and that's all the comedy they do, they get soft.
You get soft in like your appreciation for the audience's attention span or soft for, have you made that bit the best that it could be or is it just adequate?
Is it working?
Or is it like optimized?
Where is it at?
Is it where you're happy with it?
Or have you just kind of accepted that's the form it's in because you do it that way every night?
You know?
[1:17:00] And when you go on after murderers, there's no room for anything but tight.
Yeah, everything has to be tight.
You have to be really there and engaged.
People have seen an hour and a half of comedy before you even go on stage.
Yeah.
An hour and a half of murderers.
Murderous.
Murderous.
I get so jealous too.
I'm sitting in the back.
God damn, why can't I go on now?
Half an hour in the show.
And it's your show too, you're doing it to yourself.
That's amazing.
But I think that's the best way to do it.
It's the best way for me.
I don't think I've ever been sharper like right now.
It's sharp.
And that's what it is.
I think it's just concentrating.
It's like everything else, man.
It's like how much do you think about it?
I would say that doing stand up is, let's say if you have what is a value.
Let's give a value of doing stand up, you give it a value of 100.
If you watch yourself to stand up, that's like 50 or 60.
So it's like an extra set almost.
If you do two watches and one performance, it's like you did two sets.
[1:18:03] That's what I think.
Listening to it is like 40 or 50, but it's better than zero.
It's definitely better than zero.
So if you could force yourself to listen and you force yourself to watch, those add up like in terms of the overall amount of effort you've put into what you're doing, right?
So it's not just the time you're on stage, but it's also how much do you think about it afterwards?
Because if you could just grab it after, I don't wanna do it when I get home.
When I get home, I wanna watch YouTube videos on ancient civilizations.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I don't wanna write, but if I force myself, then I get fired up, and then once I'm in it, now I get it and I feel it.
And if I could force myself to listen to recordings or watch a recording after I do it, I'm so much more engaged the next time I do it.
It like everything, everything like moves up a notch.
So instead of it being a value of 100 because I just did a show, I did the show and then [1:19:02] I listened to it and then I wrote more.
So now it's almost like I did two shows.
Yeah, where are you watching yourself?
You're right because it makes you completely live the set over again.
You're doing it again.
Yeah.
And seeing all the holes, seeing the...
Yeah.
And you don't have to carry the psychic weight of keeping the set going, right?
So you have no anticipation.
You know what I already went well I already saw it I was there.
So let me watch it like like just chill and just watch I'm just saying it like that.
That's too long.
I could cut that out like everybody knows what I'm saying I'm gonna cut it out get to a quicker, you know, yeah, like figure out this that like you learn how to get to things quicker when you work with killers too You learn the right like one of the things I love about Joey is he sneaks He sneaks up on you.
His punchline is sneak up on you.
You don't know where they're coming and then they nail you.
He's moving fast.
You're not going to keep up with him already and then on top of that, he's sneaky with how he works in the punchline.
It's a great way to describe him.
[1:20:00] It's like a economy of words.
The economy of words, Joey Diaz is the very best at it.
I was telling this one joke.
Here's my favorite Joey Diaz joke.
It goes, I like transvestites.
They cook, they clean.
You can beat them every once in a while.
The cops come, who's gonna believe me?
So I'm doing a wig and a black eye.
Yeah, that's a Joey Diaz.
That's a great point point because it's like, it keeps going.
But it's also, it's absurd.
You know he's not really beating up transvestites.
You know it's like, it's not real.
Like when he talks about, he'll say the most ridiculous shit and it's outrageous and it's exaggerating but it's part of the fun of the Joey Diaz show.
You don't think he's really out there beating up transvestites.
Like, that's, it's like, their whole thing.
It's like, he's a cartoon.
He's a cartoon character.
It's amazing.
He's so fun, man.
He's my favorite person to watch ever.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
I think there's great comedians.
Yeah, yeah.
I don't wanna say like, who's the goat?
Cause I don't like it.
I don't I think we're very fortunate today that we have guys like Chappelle and Atel and Shane and you and everybody and Tony.
[1:21:08] Shultz, Shultz, Shultz is killing it right now.
Got it on that roast.
Oh my God.
That dude.
Oh my God, he's so likable too.
Even when he was shitting all over Dan away, he's got a big smile on his face.
That's laughing.
Oh my God, he's funny.
And he's a great person, too, man.
He's a great person.
Like a great human being.
He's beautiful.
Yeah, I look at him like an actual big brother, man.
That guy.
He's a beautiful person.
I love him to death.
But it's like we're real fortunate that we have all these people together.
We're real fortunate.
But for me, like where I've laughed, where I can't and I'm on the ground or I'm slapping tables or we'll hug at each other, it's Joey.
Yeah.
It's Joey.
Joey hits an RPM that I don't think anybody else hits.
It's a, because of who he is, his background, the chaos of his life, this phoenix emerging from the ashes of co-cudition [1:22:00] and all that, like, he's just got a wildness and a love about him too.
That's the other thing, he's a loving, beautiful person.
Like he hugs everybody, he's a beautiful person.
And when he gets wild on stage man, there's nothing like it man.
It's like a family reunion laugh.
It's like from your spirit when he gets you laughing.
Yeah, yeah, you love him, you wanna hug him when you're laughing with him.
Yeah, yeah, you love him.
You want to hug him when you're laughing with him.
Yeah, yeah.
And so he was like the best guy to take on the road too.
Because it was like the party was with us everywhere.
You know, it was a party.
Yeah.
We're going to nice restaurants, we're eating dinner, Joey Dizz is telling stories.
The stories about robbing people.
In five-star restaurants.
Tell me So we do you tell you a story about kidnapping a drug deal of machine gun and you're fucking crying laughing Like oh my god, you're not disturbed like why would you do that?
You did you plan on shooting him?
Just none of that just fun Yeah, the road is where you like I I truly think I'm the most lucky dude in comedy right now ever [1:23:01] I mean my weeks Joe I'm with Tuesday Wednesday Thursday I'm with you shame Gill Gillis, Brian Simpson, and Naran White, Tony Hascley.
And my weekends, I'm with Andrew Schoes.
Yeah.
And that's it.
I'm full on in a master class, 24-7.
But you're lucky, but you also did all the work to get you to that place.
You did all, it's like, you can't just be lucky because you have to also There's no shortcuts to creating bits Like this you have they they have to be made you have to do them you have to perform you have to get you You have you did the work man if you weren't ready when Tony recommended you to Andrew it wouldn't have worked You had to have done all that work if you have stepped at any point in your career You took time off, you started to try a job for a little bit.
You did this, you did that, you got married, you had kids, you can't go on the road now, because now you have a mortgage.
Bro, you went down the path and you could do anything now because now you're in.
But the beginning is sketchy.
[1:24:02] Man, you're just going.
You're just going.
You're just touching it.
That's what I was saying.
If I had it, it was a 26 year old today.
And they're like, I'm going to go to open mic nights.
I'm going to start standing up.
I'll be like, okay.
All right.
I'll see you at my 100.
Let's see.
He's my, what?
You're standing at a run at ultra marathon.
You don You know, when people finish those?
Dude, I know way more.
Goggance and hate.
Finish stand up careers.
Way more.
Way, way, way, way more.
Way more.
Way, way, way more people finish 100 mile races that start them, then become a comic that start doing stand up.
And finish it.
I'm realizing this as you're saying it.
When you're doing the math, you're ahead're hit of like yeah people do finish those races Yeah, they finish up Mike friend cam's run like a dozen of them at least he's probably run 20 of them goggins He ran I think goggins did something crazy where we ran like 20 of them in a month What it was his record he had some crazy fucking record.
I might be selling it short in a month He just he just sent me a text message yesterday about how he climbed Mount Everest with his fucking Versa Climber.
[1:25:07] Do you know what a Versa Climber is?
No, they're horrible.
We have one out there.
We have one in the gym.
It's an amazing workout.
This one?
That thing.
Whoa, this motherfucker climbed Mount Everest.
And he sent me an image of it.
Hold on a second.
How many days?
That would take him days right?
I don't think so.
What no, he's he'll do it in one session.
He's out of his fucking mind, man That's insane That's insane in an overall how long I'm trying to see But he did more than that because over a year There was some crazy number that he did in one year.
There's another this isn't two This is from Ultra Runner magazine 2005 he decided to take on the ultra marathon challenge which involved running over 3100 miles across the United States from San Francisco To New York without taking any days off [1:26:02] Cheese my fucking one had ever achieved before did he do it?
New York without taking any days off.
Jeez, I'm not the fucker.
This is my best friend.
This is my best friend.
This is my best friend.
This is my best friend.
This is my best friend.
This is my best friend.
This is my best friend.
This is my best friend.
This is my best friend.
This is my best friend.
This is my best friend.
This is my best friend.
This is my best friend.
What the fuck man?
13 miles, that's all he ever done.
Fuck man.
13.
And you ran across the whole country.
By the way, he did it with destroyed knees.
His knees are all fucked up.
His knees are like, he's got no cartilage and shit.
From me and a seal?
From all sorts of things.
But I think he was born with like, one of his knees was kind of fucked up like malformed and then the years and years and years of punishment.
Yeah, injuries from being a seal, from growing through buds, just from the years of training, like his knees are destroyed.
They're destroyed.
He's had crazy operations on his knees.
Is that him?
That was a hundred about, look how jacked he was.
[1:27:02] No, damn son.
Look at that fucking build shoulders dude That's crazy little to no food Wow he finished the race in 19 hours on broken legs and in kidney failure There's also that story where he was doing one and he went off track And so yeah, like off pace and then the next day he woke up and did it again bro Look out jacked he was there kid.
Can't I wrong?
Kidney failure can kill you, right?
100%.
What the fuck?
Look how jacked he was, Jesus Christ, I'm jealous.
I want to be a bit like that.
That's ridiculous.
He looks like fucking yo-ro-mero.
He's incredible.
I'm jealous.
I'm jealous of jealous of that body Well, I met do you know Jack who I met 50 cents this weekend 50 cents a big Pro remember when he was young rock when he was he would be on stage shirtless shirtless a shredded I mean yeah, I was I was looking at I think he's I think 50 cents 50 and he's fucking shredded [1:28:00] Yeah, he's a big fella boy this this whole rap world the rap beef.
I'm glad I'm I'm ignorant to it One outside people keep bringing it up Tony keeps trying to get him You're not dragging me to this nonsense.
No, it's a at this point.
It's great I've never seen a rap beat like this.
This is they're going the back and forth I saw a great drake release another one yesterday because they've gone back and forth now four times a piece So what does someone have to tap out here?
So is this to the death?
I don't I saw a great comment and say that at this point these niggas are just doing an album together like after after eight songs Right going back a foot that would be the way to wrap it up.
That's what you do to break bread Hug it out.
What you got me with that one?
You got me with that I mean, but it's I'm not gonna lie so I because I love both these guys.
This is my era of rap So I love these guys man him Jake whole Drake Kendrick, but Joe It is pointing out the so personal the things they're saying because you know he's calling them a pedophile in the song literally Kendrick calling Drake a pedophile and all this stuff and you have a illegitimate daughter Brian has such a good joke [1:29:02] Because he said you have illegitimate daughter your pedophile a good joke.
As he said, he have illegitimate daughter, your pedophile, you grew women, and then Drake's come back was, I don't have an 11 year old daughter and Brian's, and hey bro, address the other shit.
Hahaha.
Hahaha.
Hahaha.
What?
Nobody gives a fuck about the, what, he caught your pedophile man?
Yeah, a dad is not a bad thing to be buddy.
You said, when you hear the rest of the song, I mean, but it's to that point where it's like, well, okay, what is this, man?
This is crazy.
This is crazy.
Two boxes did it once.
Hey, man, I fucked your wife.
Thank fuck.
All right.
That's it.
Yeah, that was it.
And then there was Nas and Jay-Z.
The ether.
Yep, Jay-Z, I'm done.
And then they made up, right?
They're friends now.
They're friends now.
Yeah, so that can happen.
It can happen, but I've never seen that like this.
The back of fourth to this extreme is like, man, it kind of sucks.
There was the early days of ice cube and easy E.
That was great.
Yeah, that was real beef.
That was probably first beef.
And then there was Tim Dog and NWA, fuck Compton.
You don't know about fuck Compton.
[1:30:08] This is before your time.
Tim Dog was good.
And Tim Dog was, he was good.
But Tim Dog was a guy who unfortunately kind of, his identity became the man who went after NWA when everyone was scared of NWA.
And everybody was scared of Compton.
He was a crazy New York dude.
Interesting.
You never heard of Tim Dogg?
I've never heard of Tim Dogg.
Show me some Tim Dogg.
Because I love fucking, I love rap so much.
And I love Tim Dogg, did the scariest thing.
He went after NWA.
Well in the prime of NWA?
Yeah, row days.
Oh yeah, and when everyone was scared of him it was just all guns and Broodless records Raiders had yeah, that's Tim dog That's so New York the fucking change like that go back to it was the name of the album It's something on wax click on that.
That's the album.
I just picked it because it was a good picture of [1:31:00] Penis-Cilling on wax.
That's the name of his CD.
It's good man.
It's good.
Like he was a really good rapper.
But the thing was like, if that's how you break out, then your identity gets connected to beefing with these very famous rappers.
Where I think, if he just went like, the cool G rap way, just did his own shit.
There's people would just love him for his own shit, but he went after NWA.
That's all you're known for, your trouble.
I mean, Nas ether Jay-Z, we all were there for that.
Oh my God.
And Jay-Z is still Jay-Z.
Bro.
Yeah, Jay-Z is still Jay-Z, but Nas is this fucking man.
His leader is...
I was listening to Rewind the other day, while we were playing pool.
I was like, God damn that song is genius.
Man.
It's genius.
Joe, literally, I got to do the garden with Shulti this past weekend.
And I took the subway to the show because I wanted to feel it.
I wanted to be in New York, put on Elmatic.
Oh, yeah.
Fuckin subway, listen there.
That beat.
[1:32:05] Oh my God.
Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do Nah, you got our you know, I'm not for me from my money like first of all I'm old So I like that 90s rap.
Yeah, but it's also like for me Nas was one of the first guys that I listened to him was like Likely face to you know like oh these fucking lyrics are so tight man I love lyrics man I love someone is like really fucking good at like piecing together a story And that's why rewind is so good.
Yeah, not only is it a great story.
He doesn't backwards.
It's crazy Fucking crazy Joe that is basically like pulling out your 14-inch dick.
Just laying on the dinner table like what's up?
[1:33:02] Every other rapper shut the fuck up.
up.
That's made of song backwards.
And it's a perfect story.
It's murderous.
It makes sense.
It's genius.
And you make sure you want to listen to it again because you're like, oh, bro.
And even his new shit, he put out an album like two years ago.
Yes, bangin', man.
It's bangin'.
Oh my God.
Just old school 90s hip-hop still not lost any of the pace, you know?
No, yeah, he did him with one of the new best producers.
Oh my god.
I can't think of his name fucking Some of my name, but thank God he made the beat for like Niggas and Paris and stuff But he's like I like that he's still in the game.
Yeah, bro When you hear hip-hop is dead if you're anywhere Let's go Down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down Usually they get you going.
I just love clever lyrics later.
I love a clever joke You know it's the same kind of shit like we always listen to cool G rap and brand new heavies that death threats [1:34:11] Oh, yeah, that's don't you know don't you know when that song starts popping like Let's go my favorite one you play is not even a rap but you got me in the country but that people say I got a drink and That's a great song What are my favorite greener memories show you had it playing and Shane's got a butt like this any sitting there And he's like Joe the song is making me sad Look over you and you're like people say I can you just get dancing and Shane's I think about that shit right just like we laugh well our green room playlist is so interesting because there's so many different kinds of music in it And it's like it's all random so it's on random eyes.
So it'll just one Janice joblin out of nowhere Yeah, you know you don't even know you wanted to hear that but you hear that beginning of take a little piece of my heart [1:35:01] Oh shit baby sing what they want that thing baby hot white come lady oh my god that's a crazy spare yeah love her yeah that song hot white come is crazy that's song is crazy because she was a huge artist when she made that song what air of time was that so nuts two thousandish early two thousand So nuts.
2000-ish, early 2000s.
2003?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I remember seeing it here in that song, like Jesus.
That lady away from me.
She's too wild.
That's a wild lady.
That famous singing that song.
She's cool as fuck, dude.
I had her on the podcast.
Really?
She's cool as fuck.
Very cool.
We've got a high together.
It's fun Getting getting how it looks for you.
She's just cool.
Just fun fun person fun person to talk to you know most Artists like they got something inside of them, you know, there's something going on in there Yeah, you know it's fun.
Hey, we're like jelly roll.
He's fun and hang with Gary Gary Clark.
Yeah, he's so good.
He's so fun to hang with.
He's just the coolest [1:36:10] He's just a He's like he's a real artist like Gary locks himself in his studio for like 18 hours Drives his wife crazy drives everybody crazy.
He's just sitting there smoking weed drinking whiskey and just playing music Yeah, I mean, he just he he, can we drink a whiskey and just play music?
Damn.
Yeah.
I mean, he just, he goes for it.
Sometimes I'll text him and he's like, I'm in the middle of everything, man.
I'm in the middle of everything.
I like to.
I like to.
I like to do it like that, man.
Just locking it completely.
They do think so much different than us because they can create a song and a vacuum.
You can be by yourself and you create a banger of a song.
We can't really do that.
No.
We need it.
Because in your head, you can hear the joke sometimes, you're like, I'm pretty sure this will go, but you're not, you need the audience, you need to know.
It's like you need a translator.
Like you need, like you kind of get it, but you need to like, you need to like, am I saying this right?
Like you need to like have someone translate the words to the crowd [1:37:06] that speaks a different language.
You got to like, it's all, you know, with music, I envy that.
That they could practice on their own, you know, they could just sit alone.
But even then, I think like performing live is a different animal.
Yeah.
Like if you're read a Malcolm Gladwell's book, the Outlaws, I bought it.
I haven't read it, but I do have it.
It's good to listen to, too.
I've listened to the audio book.
The audio book is amazing because Malcolm reads it.
He talks about the Beatles when they were in Germany.
The Beatles went away.
They left Liverpool.
They go to Germany and Hamburg and they're doing shows every night.
Every night.
They're doing shows like every night every night they're doing like six seven nights a week They're doing shows like hours and hours now's they come back two years later and everybody's like what the fuck happened Like how are you guys so good like what the fuck happened is because these guys were tight Tight as a drum just constantly constantly doing shows just constantly working on it [1:38:02] I've heard Kobe say that in one of the things about how, like, if you work out every day at like, you know, 9 a.m.
and then you work out again at 4 p.m.
That's, you know, that's like a regular NBA player.
But what I'm doing is I'm waking up at 3 a.m.
And then I'm working out then and then I'm working out again three.
And he said, and after I do that for years, I'm the best player basketball.
And it's like, and he was right.
He was right.
It literally just worked.
That's all it was.
He wasn't like, oh no, there's guys who was better than me.
Completely, born better, all that.
But I outworked them.
Wow, I think that's the case with sports, up until the point where you're being detrimental to your body with sports, because I think you definitely can overuse.
You could work out too hard, where your body's just too broken down, and then you start getting injured.
That's real possible, because at a certain point in time, you're putting in too much work for your biology [1:39:03] to heal the sessions.
For fighting, that must be the hardest.
To judge that.
Those are what's too much.
That's the toughest thing in all of athletics, in my opinion, is like world championship fighting.
Because just getting into the octagon without an injury, good luck, everybody's hurt.
Cause you gotta fight to get ready.
That's the crazy part.
Yeah.
You gotta fight and guys get staff infections, tweak knees, fucked up backs, rib injuries, and they fight with those things.
Yeah.
Yeah, they fight.
They fight all fucked up.
Now you always hit it like after a guy wins, and be like, and I won with it like, Priera, I won with a broken, you had a broken toe.
The fuck?
The fuck?
Yeah.
I kicked him the nuts.
Exactly.
Crazy.
Crazy.
Yeah, those guys are always hurt.
How about Benoit Sandinini?
He had a fucking staff infection on his head when he fought Dustin Poria and he couldn't, he knew he had like one good round in him.
So he just went after Dustin in the first round try to take him out and then you got knocked out in the second round And then afterwards you saying like the staff infection just drained him.
There was nothing left.
That's what happens [1:40:11] Is that the one where Dustin kept trying to do the guilty?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, that was the best way he said I never go stop joke I've got big kiltony is fire I, after winning a fight is thinking about will you fuck in my government.
No, it's crazy.
Killtony has emerged, man.
It's emerged.
When Tony was in the cover of Variety magazine, I was like, whoa, that's undeniable.
That's undeniable.
I do wonder because it's like, man, what?
And it's only going to get bigger because I don't think that show is that a like, oh, I think that show is like, this might be the beginning of what this show might be.
Oh, it's not nearly where it's going to be.
Yeah.
It's gonna be even bigger.
It's gonna continue to grow.
I thought Tony's like bro, you're gonna have some open mic or doing their first set and that goddamn football stadium in Texas.
Yeah, legitimately.
Yeah, easily It could be that and also he when they do the live show you know they they put on a production [1:41:07] I mean there's a lot going on you know they had jelly roll singing you know Jelly Roll is a crazy comedy fan He was a mother ship this weekend He went there to hang out with Steve burn when we were in Nashville He pulled up just came to the show we were at the Grand Ole Opry and he came out and sang some songs it.
It was like they were singing Garth Brooks with Jelly Roll with the Grand Ole Opera.
Tony told me that he took him out to clubs afterwards and that they were playing and Tony would play the drums and Jelly Roll was singing.
Yeah.
And that's a great thing.
He sang Simple Man with Tony on drums.
Yeah.
Can you imagine you just at some bar in Nashville just hanging out and jelly roll rolls up and he goes on stage and sings a Leonard Skinner's song with Tony Hinchcliff playing the drums.
Sounds like a fucking mad lit.
That even sound real.
Doesn't even sound real.
And Tony came into the, he was like, what kind of life are we living?
He was, how is this real?
[1:42:01] Man, job, he thank you, Nesha.
All the time, I do too.
I can't, yeah.
I can't.
Yeah, I think it all the time.
Doesn't make any sense.
It just this week, Joey, wait, wait, wait, wait, we're mass square guard, mass square guard here.
Yeah.
To do this pot, this three days have been like, what the fuck?
Yeah, what the fuck?
an open mic just from decided to an open mic one night, 12 years ago, a missus in a seat.
Staying on the path.
How many years has it been now?
12, just be 12.
Staying on the path.
It's just staying on the path.
That's the thing, just stay on the path.
Stay on the path.
Yeah, but just like what Kobe Bryant was saying, same thing.
Work.
Yeah, just getting that work.
Stay on the guys who work and the guys just kind of half-asset.
Like we've seen guys come through that they have one foot in and one foot out.
You can see it.
Yeah, you see it.
You see it when they bomb, too.
Ooh, you see it when they bomb.
It's like, oh, you're not doing this.
You're not getting up.
You're not really getting up.
And you're not really putting yourself around You're not free.
Yeah.
Those guys that are free, like a tell, a tell's free.
[1:43:07] He's free when he's up there.
He's free.
He's not like that.
Shanes free.
Yeah.
That's like a place that you can get to.
Everybody can get there.
If you're good, if you can get laughs, you can get there.
You just need to keep working on it.
Yeah.
on it.
But that's the thing is like it really is, it's a skill that can be developed.
It's not as simple as you're the talented or not.
It's like, yeah, you have to have something.
Like there's some people that just, they can't make anybody laugh ever.
They're just not funny.
They're just not funny.
I've seen these people.
And usually they're mentally ill.
Usually the people that aren't funny but that try really hard to be funny.
They're usually like really mentally ill.
And some of them somehow or another develop careers.
Like they have like a modicum of a career.
But if you like go to their Instagram, it's all weird like signaling, it's all pretending you're something you're not.
[1:44:00] It's like this weird thing where they're just trying to like find something that sticks.
Yeah.
Like a formless jellyfish trying to pretend that it's a tree.
You know what I mean?
It's something about them that's weird.
But if they can ask, if they look the right way and they say the right things, they can kind of eek out some bizarre existence where they can pretend that they're a comedian and it can last for a year.
Some of them stick around.
They host shows, they do things, they'll say, what are you doing?
That is the one thing I did love about sports is that you can't pretend to fight.
You can't pretend to hit a baseball joke.
You either got to hit the baseball.
But you do have fighters that are professional fighters that are not good.
Yeah, like in boxing, there's guys that they will call because they know this guy's a dumbass and they'll fight Mike Tyson.
I mean, that's how they built Mike Tyson's career.
They took a bunch of guys who kind of like, [1:45:01] you know, they're not Kobe Bryant mentality.
You know not they're not Kobe Bryant mentality, you know They're kind of like just sort of professionally boxing and losing a bunch and maybe they have losing records Like a lot of them have like they'll lost more than they've won But they're a professional boxer and they're willing to fight this 19 year old kid from Brownsville It's gonna take your fucking head off From hell look at board from hell so that that's how they develop from hell.
From hell.
Look at Borb.
Yeah.
So that's how they develop like careers.
And so with stand up, you get those guys too because some comics, they like weak comics going on in front of them.
So they'll take this person who's like barely should be a comedian.
They really barely should be doing stand up.
And they'll have them open in front of a crowd and torture torture this audience so they can come on stage 20 minutes later and look like a hero.
This looks totally unchallenged.
So smooth and polished and so confident.
Yeah.
That's shit.
Oh yeah.
So you have that weirdness in anything, even in fighting.
You have that weirdness where someone's kind of they're doing it but they're [1:46:03] kind of like half doing it.
And they can still have a career though, some kind of sort of, you know, but same thing, they're not making any real money.
Yeah.
You know, you just kind of like getting by.
Or even just a lasting impression, just like.
Yeah.
I like, you know, because there are some comments.
Like, and they don't really want that.
You know, I like the idea of my peers thinking I'm funny and being in this group that we have and like everyone making each other better.
But you can tell some kind of like, don't want to operate in that world.
I think they get isolated.
And usually they get isolated by success.
And especially if they're old school guys because the old school guys people did root for your downfall And if they didn't come up with us in the store Which is I think the first time where that sort of attitude of camaraderie like really got polished and developed yeah, whereas it existed in small pockets where they had friends But there's so many stories of one friend getting something and the other friend turning on them because they were jealous [1:47:04] There's so many with guys that we know.
Super fake, they've done podcasts about it.
So there was always that, you know, but I think when some guys make it and then they start doing touring and clubs and then doing theaters, they just bring their opening act everywhere.
So they have an opening act that they work with, they bring that person everywhere and they rarely do sets in town, and then they become isolated, and then you become like an island.
I refer to these people as islands.
It's great.
You know exactly what I'm talking about.
Yeah, islands.
They're islands.
And so they're not connected to the mainland.
And so there's a sadness to that existence.
Yes.
It's weird.
It's not good.
And you can tell they act like, or you can see it on them.
They'd like to pretend like they don't care.
But it's like, I think you do.
I think when you lay your head down tonight, you want friends, but I like that we work out together.
I like that we are all friends outside of this as well.
I like that feeling.
Yeah, yeah, it's everything.
It's a big part of it.
The clubhouse.
It's a big part of why it's so entertaining and why it's so fun.
And like we're laughing as much in the room as we are watching people on stage.
[1:48:08] It's like in that room, it's like there's and everybody's free.
It's like everybody knows everybody loves them.
Yeah.
Free.
Whenever we're walks in, everybody hugs each other, ask for my thing.
You know Ronald come in and then Tony comes in and we're all like, oh, everybody just immediately starts talking shit.
Yeah, man, bro.
We're very, very, very, very lucky, very lucky.
They're lucky, so.
But we also did the thing.
We actually took the chance and we came out here, you know?
Fucking 40 minutes.
That's what I feel like.
I think the universe wanted it to happen.
I know that sounds corny.
I know that sounds ridiculous.
I know that sounds like new AG.
But I don't know how everything else could have lined up so perfectly.
Like if you had a calculation, so what are the odds of a new comedy scene emerging in the middle of the country and emerging in a way that all the young people are moving here, [1:49:00] all the young people that want to have a career, and then have it connected to something like Kill Tony, which is the very best platform ever for someone to develop a career.
If you have a good few minutes, you can go on Killtony, you can become a real, look at Cam Patterson.
Look at Cam Patterson, baby.
Look at Cam, motherfucker Patterson.
Cam Patterson.
Killin' it every week, new minute, killin' it.
Killin' it.
Killin' it monster.
But killin' it when Tucker Carlson was on, just killin' it.
Just killin' it all the time.
All the time.
But you can develop a career.
You can William Montgomery.
Killin' it.
I can hang a rock in the road.
I can hang a rock in the road.
I can hang a rock in the road.
I can hang a rock in the road.
Like guys will take you on the road.
You do get spots if you're a door person.
You get people who watch you.
Yeah, if you're coming up, people will watch you.
And you can't think you deserve more than you get either.
Like everybody gets what they deserve.
It's just, it's a long ass fucking brutal process.
But you have a possibility.
[1:50:00] There's a path.
There's a real path.
The light, it's lit.
You know, you can not everybody finishes that a hundred mile race But you can get on that path Not everybody finishes that route.
Oh, man, especially in that stage The stage where you got like five good men.
Yeah, this is where you're banking your life on like oh my god I gotta go into school.
I wish sometimes I got a healthcare plan I could have had Alexis fuck fuck fuck I could have had a Lexus.
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.
Fuck all bitch.
Yeah, fuck.
Fuck, good.
If I could, I wish we could sometimes gamble on comedy, I would.
If I had stock, man, I'd put it in campatters.
Oh yeah.
Right when I saw him.
I was like, oh, that's one of them things where it's a hundred where it's this is not that's a hundred percent Yeah, but 100 percent it's a hundred percent 100 percent yeah, there's a there's guys where you like man I don't know like William in the beginning like I don't know if you work out Because it's so crazy.
It's just like what it's got.
Well now it's like a hundred percent Well, yeah, if you were early adopter of William Montgomery stock, you'd be like, wow, I fucking called that bitch.
Yeah, Tony's rich man.
[1:51:06] Yeah, that's a hard one to call.
But K.
Paterson is one of those few, man, where I, I mean, I wasn't around for Eddie Murphy, but that's how I look at him.
I'm like, no, you really are special, man.
You are special, dude.
Well, he's do that on stage and that that exercise of doing a new minute every week is crazy Could you imagine doing it?
Five years in Joe so hard to do man so hard to do Kim Congdon and Sarah Sarah one chunk they were like the first to do yep Kim's killing out they both are both killing.
Yeah And they're out here all the time too.
That's the coolest thing is to see how many people decided to join us.
But if you had to put odds on that, what are the odds?
The odds are like a fucking million to one.
What are the possibilities that all those things are going to happen in that order?
[1:52:01] Spotify, pandemic, the George Floyd come out here.
Everyone's cool, indoor shows, everything's locked down everywhere else.
Everyone's out of job.
All the employees of the comedy store are all fired.
No one has jobs, no, there's no club.
You can hire people, bring them out here and everybody starts coming.
Like, what are you guys doing?
What are y'all up to?
You guys wouldn't have you guys doing?
What are y'all up to?
You guys would have felt like the fuck are y'all up to over here?
Come on.
Come on, Joy.
That's what it feels like.
Not like real COVID, it does feel like it's our family, right?
It's the people who came early.
It does feel that way.
And it could help shape the way comedy is done in the whole country because it's done for the comedians.
Like it's a club that's set up for the comedians and it recognizes that the comedians, the reason why people are there.
They're not just there to buy drinks, they're not just there because the club is cool.
They're there for the talent.
So give the talent money.
And you pay.
Oh yeah.
First thing I did, oh bro, I've never had money Joe but the first thing I did brother.
I took all the door guys to get sushi [1:53:05] We ball the fuck I never that's the most money I've ever spent on anything Joe And I'm talking about spent the whole check I got on sushi for the boys Oh, that's awesome never oh, I felt great.
I Whitney was there with your wife was there too literally Whitney your wife Or did we show Whitney's like what are y'all doing here?
You're like we're about to get some fucking sushi.
She was like, Joe Rogan's fucking paying y'all.
Yeah.
It's like, what the fuck y'all making?
It's just like, he was like, oh no man.
That's my favorite thing, man.
I was being able to have money and just go out with the door guys and be able to pay for dinner.
Like, they don't have to pay for dinner.
Right.
I could pay for dinner.
Woo!
Yeah, it's nice that you feel that way too.
That's what's important that you want to do that.
That's what's important.
And it makes everybody feel that way.
What people do it for me, you, it shows.
So it's like, man, the idea of how nice it is.
And I know what it's like to just be like, man, it's either not eat tonight or eat like a McDonald's thing or Derek's taking us to get a steak.
Let Yeah, when we first started doing that, I remember Ari was like super poor, taken on the road and be like, [1:54:07] we're gonna order him, I'm like, order whatever the fuck you want, man, let's go.
Let's have some stakes.
Let's get a lot of wine.
Let's have fun.
Yeah, it's like, it's, it's, it's, did anyone ever do it for you, Joe?
Did you just start doing it?
No, I just Nobody I didn't nobody took me on the road really yeah I mean I had a couple guys that I opened for in the early days like Lenny Clark was the big one Cuz Lenny Clark are open for Lenny.
I've been doing comedy for one year and Mark Clark just started he tried me out at this one place It was called Jays in Pittsfield, Massachusetts and Lenny is just coming off of the HBO young comedian special with Rodney and Lenny was just coming off of the HBO young comedian special with Rodney.
Wasn't like Sam Kiddison?
Yes.
So Lenny was, and Lenny was a legend in Boston.
So, and Lenny was like, kid, you're funny!
He goes like, fucking love did he was like, talking to me about different bits.
It was real fun.
And so this is me, that was like a giant boost that I got from Lenny Clark.
I was like holy shit, this is incredible.
And then I became friends with Lenny.
And so I would, you know, I did quite a few shows with Lenny [1:55:08] in Boston, in and around Boston, but nobody ever took me on the road.
Wow.
No, I came out here to LA, to come out there to LA, and I started doing the store, and I was mostly just doing the store, and then Dice told me, I should do the road.
Yeah.
Andrew dice Clay.
Dice told me in the back of the comedy store.
Dice is always cool to me.
And he was always one of those ones where I just couldn't believe I was talking with dice.
I was like, this is just so weird.
Like I was listening to his cassette in my car when I was 19 years old.
I remember this girl's date and we were howling, we're sitting in front of my house.
I'll never forget, I can picture the scene.
We're sitting in front of my house in the car and we're both like, AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH't need these fucking jerk offs to tell you where your money comes from.
[1:56:06] Do the road.
He goes, you have a real career.
You'll always have that.
You can make a lot of money out there.
I was like, catch, do the road.
I'm like, so I had just been doing the store.
Like I had done the road when I lived in New York, because that's how you made a living.
I would go places and go to Connecticut, Jersey, I do road gigs, weekends, places.
That's how I was making money.
But then when I came to L.A., I was basically just doing the comedy store and the lab factory and working on sitcom news radio.
And then Dice was like, you should do the road.
And I was like, I should do the road?
And then I started going on the road.
So I was headline.
So, wow.
So I just took guys from the store.
So I realized early on, like this is like when I really had a really hard time following Joey.
But I realized that Joey was so funny that if I knew that I could follow him, I was like, this will really pick up my comedy.
[1:57:02] Because he's so hard to follow.
It was so scary.
I can't imagine thought.
I was like this is the only way to do it because I knew that Joey didn't want to head line.
Joey was crazy back then.
Joey was so wild that I started hiring Ari to come with us as well in case Joey didn't show up.
So if Joey showed up, it was a three-man show.
And if Joey didn't show up, it was a two-man show.
Because Ari can go up and he won't be, I was like, I don't wanna not have Joey.
But Joey was so crazy back then, but I didn't wanna put pressure on him either.
So it was like, let's just come if you come, you don't, I fucking eat your plane ticket or whatever.
And so Ari doesn't know if he's featuring or else, He's assuming that we always did a tag team anyway.
So he's assuming he's always gonna go on first, which is correct, and assuming he's gonna bring up Joey.
But he might not be bringing up Joey.
But it was fine.
It was fine.
But I started taking them on the road because I was like, it's way more fun when you bring people.
[1:58:02] It's way more, I figured that out early on.
I'm like, you to travel with your friends Like you don't want to just it was lonely You just try travel to Pittsburgh and you're like hanging out with the the people that work there like okay, um Guess I'm gonna go to my hotel and go to sleep and go to jerk off and go to sleep Fuck kind of life is this is weird and they just look forward to the show the next day and you're alone in the gym, fucking lifting weights, feeling weird.
As opposed to, if I bring those guys, we were just laughing everywhere.
So it was just laughs.
We just go have a good time, we go eat together, hang out at the park together, fucking do whatever.
Go to the pool, hang out together.
Always hear comics say that to it.
I'm not, I mean, definitely hope to be headline- bring somebody, but it just costs a little too much money or cost money, it's like, to me, that's what you're paying for, right?
100%.
I'm paying so I can have a good, comfortable time.
I think to this day, my photo of Joey, when I call him, is Joey at the pool in Austin.
Yeah, that photo right there?
That's Joey with Ari in the background.
[1:59:01] Oh shit!
We're hanging out at the pool when we're on the road together.
That's fucking...
You're not going to enjoy it.
That's fucking charged, you know what he calls me?
Or what I call him, I'll call him right now.
Fuck yeah.
Everybody could see it.
Oh, it doesn't show the image.
Why doesn't show the image?
It's an old-ass image.
Hmm.
Sometimes when you call people it shows you the full picture.
Yeah, I'll come it doesn't do that.
I don't know either way.
That's the picture That was us I think we were in Austin Pretty sure we were in Austin Look at Ari look at that.
Well, that was young Ari.
Yeah, that was already when he's a door guy Wow, yeah, when he just lost his religion just a few years earlier Wow.
Yeah, when he just lost his religion just a few years earlier.
Harry was like radical, you know, like what what sect of would you call him fundamentalist Judaism?
What what was it?
What would you call it?
Orthodox.
He was all in.
Oh, he was all in.
Nobody's 19 or 20s.
Like those bullshit.
[2:00:03] Things 21.
those bullshit, cut out of those.
You met him coming off from...
It's a conservative Jewish and then his parents adopted or orthodox Jewish believes this according to the Wikipedia.
Okay, so that's when he moved to Israel.
Yeah, and he's like reading the Talmud 12 hours a day.
Like he was all in and then became this chaotic commision.
Crazy.
So hilarious, crazy.
Yeah, and I met him when he was at the store, just working in the door, and then, you know, watched him do a few sets and said, you wanna come on the road?
Took him on the road, we did a bunch of sets together.
How'd a great fucking done?
Door guy.
Yeah, door guys.
Yeah.
And it's also just like, you know, given lighting the path, letting people know that there's a real path here.
You can go from doing open mic nights to putting together sets, you do guest spots, and then you do little bit of sets in town, and then someone comes along and says, hey, you wanna try opening up on the road?
You do 15 minutes, can you do 15?
[2:01:01] You know, and some guys, I asked them, can you do 15 minutes?
And they really can't, because they have, really they have three, five minute sets of the same jokes.
Mmm.
But you don't know, because you're only doing five minutes that's at a time.
Exactly.
So they don't know that the problem is, if you cover that same subject three different times, you can't piece that together and make 15 minutes.
You're just covering the subject in one way.
What you really should be doing is condensing that shit, cutting it up and attaching them all together and don't try to make it like three, five minutes.
You're just lazy.
Yeah, it should be one chunk.
Exactly.
Exactly.
And that's what makes you Brian Simpson.
That is what makes you a great copy.
That's what you can make it.
A joy deers.
It's not 15 minutes anymore.
It's four minutes.
You know, it's one chunk and it's bang, bang, bang, bang, murderous.
Yeah.
So there's, you know, there's a few guys you take them in the road.
They just, they didn't, but if whatever it is, they didn't have the extra horsepower to make it up the hill.
It's like, listen, man, you got to get up that hill.
You know, one's going to help you.
I can't hold make it up to Hill, bro.
Yeah, even though you love them, you love them.
[2:02:06] They don't make it up to Hill.
You love them, you think they're great guys.
They want you to still take them on the road.
And like, hey man, you gotta make it up to Hill.
You gotta make it up to Hill.
I think you can have you bombing everywhere, you know?
Absolutely blast.
You don't try to go You try?
You help some people.
It's just, it's just.
When they bomb, it's awful.
It's awful.
Yeah.
Especially when the crowd's so like a sunchess murder.
Brian just murdered.
You know, and you know what I mean?
It's like, oh no.
Yeah.
You gotta make it up the hill.
But you can, and just because you have a bad set that night, it doesn't mean everybody's writing you off, but if you don't adjust, if you don't course correct, You're gonna continue to have bad sets.
You're not you got to figure out what is what am I doing wrong?
Like what is different about what I'm doing and then these people that are doing it really good?
That's the best part of watching it.
The thing is comedy is a weird art form in that there's no real [2:03:04] Place where you can learn it other than doing it.
Yeah.
You could learn how to play guitar.
You know, I mean some of the great guitar players, they're self-taught, but you could learn, you could go to a place they can teach you how to play guitar.
You know, they can teach you online.
There's tons of tutorials on how to learn how to play guitar.
They're free.
You can get them on YouTube.
Learn how to play guitar.
You're not gonna learn how to do comedy.
You can't.
Yeah, you gotta do it.
It's so personal.
That's what makes it so beautiful, bro.
It's so personal.
And there's a lot of really funny people that aren't funny on stage.
That's weird.
How does that, it's weird.
It's weird when you see them bomb on stage and they see them in real life and they're funny.
Like what is going on?
And then they go, almost like the great, like you'll see them in the green room and they'll be this, the comedian.
And then they go on stage and they like, but let me get, let me become a, a no, a comedian.
What I think a comedian is.
that they're performing.
So we're not locked into the thought at all, [2:04:05] but instead hoping for a good result with every word that comes out of their mouth.
Yeah.
Hoping for a good result.
Yeah, is that feeling in the air of desperation?
You know, you could, the crowd could taste it.
You ever see a desperate dude trying to hit out a girl?
It's the saddest shit of all time.
This like, he smells like shit.
She's just trying to hit out a girl?
It's the saddest shit of all time.
It's like he smells like shit.
She's just trying to get away with him.
Get away from him.
Cause desperation stinks.
It does.
It stinks on girls too.
It stinks on everybody.
It stinks on comedians, it stinks.
Desperation stinks.
We don't like it.
It's uncomfortable.
I don't want to be watching the person who's having fun.
I don't want to be watching someone who's like even if you're comedy's really well written it's going to suck if you're desperate.
Yes.
Yeah.
Watch someone have fun.
God watch that fucking guy Schultz.
That's fucking.
Yeah.
He has a good ass time.
Man.
And he's enjoying all the success.
You know, he's enjoying every step of the way.
That's very important too, [2:05:06] because you know, a lot of people get upset that people promote things and show them on stage killing it, but you got to understand like that, that is, that's you.
That's on you.
That's on you.
He's celebrating success.
This is like, this is gratitude in a physical form.
If that bothers you, that's you.
Which one's you?
That's your problem.
This is him with the guy.
This is him with the guy.
Oh, we were there.
Oh, look at the boy.
Joe, watching this guy.
Watching this guy.
I swear to God, Joe, and I've told him this a hundred times.
I'll think I'll get off stage.
My second show with the garden.
I thought I had one of the best sets of I've ever had in my life, Joe, in my life.
I watched his first 10 minutes just riffing about New York and I'll be like, I don't even, I don't even do the same thing.
I'm not even doing the same thing.
He's killing so hard.
And he brought 50 Cent out too at the end.
Oh, he brought him out.
Did my God.
Oh, like that me up and went through my body.
That's amazing, that's amazing.
[2:06:06] But I like that he lives like this.
I like that he's like a bigger, better, let's let everybody, let's be bigger, better, bigger.
We can all be bigger and better.
And I like that.
That's why I gravitate towards him.
I feel like he makes me want met him.
The moment I met him was I'd seen him do some stuff on online.
I guess it was probably YouTube or Instagram or I forget what it was.
And then I came to the store and I heard he was doing a show.
So I came to stop by to watch him.
I remember this night, Joe.
Yeah.
I remember this night.
I met him in the back.
Made him, he went up, he fucking killed, and then and they needed to depart.
I remember, it was fun.
I didn't even know of it.
Did you remember just being a flower and a wall watching these moments?
There's good guys out there, man.
There's good guys out there.
And there's a lot of people that would be good guys if they were in the right group of people.
And they don't feel like they can be good guys because they're all like shielded and protected.
Some guys are good guys when things aren't going great than it cuts.
And all of a sudden they do.
And that's because they weren't good guys.
[2:07:06] So that's who they really were.
Yeah, well they're just narcissists.
And they feel it's the same, that old school thing where they only want them to be successful.
And they only celebrate people that are way less successful than them.
If they do celebrate people.
Yeah.
So someone is like kind of okay.
And then they pretend they're really amazing.
That shit's so, oh my God.
And then they'll tell people like a son or somebody that they can't open for.
Like, you know, they'll give them excuses a while.
Like, oh, I just, you know, we're this or that and it's like, I mean, just murder, that's why.
Yeah, you don't, well, when you kick a guy off the tour because he's killing too hard, that's when it's a real into your boy.
Yeah.
You said that to your boy, Joe.
We know the names.
Come on.
Yeah.
But, you know, that's on them.
They have to live with that.
That's not good.
It's, you know, take your medicine.
Yeah, also don't you want the show to be good?
That's what I be thinking about.
Like, don't you want the people in the stand up is that the mentality of doing it the right way, [2:08:08] you could apply that to everything in your life, to everything.
You apply that to whatever you do for living, apply that to your friendships, apply that to everything.
You'll have a better life.
It's a better way to live.
Fuck it, right.
And you can do it.
Everybody can do it.
It's not hard to do.
It's hard to do.
But it's not like, it's not like it's impossible.
It just requires a readjustment of the way you think about things.
Yeah, man.
Loving is so much more fun.
Oh, so much fun.
It's just loving is so much more fun.
Look at a dog, bro.
They have it a good time.
Just love.
Yeah, just stop trying to be the man.
Even if you are the man, don't even think about it.
Just keep going.
Just have fun.
Just have a good time.
Even where you are.
Yeah, don't think about it.
Yeah, never dwell.
I'm dwell on that shit.
Think about what's important.
What's important is friendship, fun, this thing that you're trying to get better at, you know?
Community.
[2:09:00] I love this community we have.
Yeah, and we all have very different versions of the same idea.
Like we're trying to develop great bits and trying to have a great set.
We're all trying to do a different version of that same idea.
So we're all just all of us working on shit and we all have good advice for each other.
Like, you know, every now and then Tony will like hit you with a tag line.
You know, someone will come up with Brian and I'll say, hey, you know, you do it like this.
But I feel like one time I heard you did it different and I like that better.
Like, oh yeah, that's right.
You know, having guys like that is watch your shit and talk to you about it.
Well, you've said that Just move, just sometimes just moving something.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Joey did say that to me also on the phone yesterday, he was talking about this guy who went up and he said something kind of fucked up right away.
He goes, he can't just do that to him.
He goes, they gotta get him to fall in love with you first.
They're not just fucking dive into this stupid shit.
Get him to fall in love with you first.
He goes, then you can get away later.
You went with everything.
Yeah.
And it's also like you, you know them now.
They [2:10:05] know you know each other.
We like each other.
Now I can be free.
Now I can get loose.
And you know, I heard you say that to Tony.
Like Tony?
Smile.
Yeah.
Have a good time.
Smile.
Happy Tony's best time.
Happy when the Tony's happy.
It's the hardest murder.
It's great.
Mean Tony is like, settle down Tony.
Can you go to the gym.
Okay, don't be so mean.
But it's, you know, that's like that intensity is also like that could be harnessed.
Like you could be, you have the same intensity, but you don't focus it in like this angry mean way, you know?
Yeah.
Just focus it.
What's the best way?
What's the best way to use this energy?
Don't just give in to the gluttony, you know?
Of the gluttony.
Yeah, the gluttony of anger, meanness, or whatever the fuck it is, just have fun.
It comes up in a saw though.
God, it comes up quick where you just feel some way.
God, what did you say that day we were working out?
And we were about to start talking shit and then Marshall came up and Marshall was like, and he was like, look at Marshall.
She's like, no, daddy, stop fucking shit.
[2:11:06] You know?
You were like, I know Marshall, but I can't help it.
I know.
Yeah, we were talking shit, but we were right.
I think that's the best part.
Isn't that crazy?
We were now after we were talking that shit that it was confirmed.
I knew it, but that's that's again, that's that old school Stupid way of thinking that my dog does not participate in Marshall's like, yo, you can't see, he's like, yo, chill No, everybody love everybody.
He's funny, man.
Hang on.
I was we're doing kettlebell swings shit I know she's just running in between legs.
Don't misgender my dog Oh, right.
There's name on her.
You know, I like them.
You know, I like it.
I know, that's the problem.
That's the problem.
There.
That's the problem.
It's a good time for you.
Oh, bro, the world has changed into my favorite, baby.
It's for your boy.
I feel like I'm a part of it.
How did you develop a like of transport?
Honestly?
Honestly.
Just scrolling through porn one regular day, [2:12:01] just like any other day.
Rager guy, nothing's wrong with you.
Nothing wrong?
Didn't get struck by lightning.
Nope, just scrolling through.
I saw a woman with a fucking hog.
Yeah.
And was like, and she was beautiful.
She was actually beautiful.
Did you hear confused?
No, I was finally not confused.
She gave in to it.
I was a me, oh, you liked it.
Told my wife wife I said yo what the fuck is this?
What she said.
It's wrong with you.
I mean you like the fuck is wrong with you man.
That's the fuck is wrong with you.
It's wrong with you and I was like you all liked it because that's also what I don't like is the guys who don't want to brag like they don't watch it.
20 million views every video it ain't just me being.
Right, just your boy.
It's a lot.
You know what I saw that was real disturbing?
Someone posted this video, this is totally unrelated.
So no one thinks I'm connecting these two, but someone posted this thing on Instagram of a video of showing children dancing around, like the people posting their children dancing around, and then they went and saw like who is liking this video [2:13:04] and who is following this video and who is following this video, who's following this person.
And then they went to those accounts and they went to some of those accounts and some of those accounts are for straight up pedophiles.
Yeah, straight up pedophiles who are watching your kid dance around and they watch your kid and they're fucking legit sex offenders and they're online.
Yeah, that's fucking why you shouldn't have your kids online.
Yeah, and some of them have a different language.
So you use a translator and you translate it and see what they're saying.
Yeah, yeah, they're real, man.
Just like, don't put your kids online, kids.
No.
Don't do that.
There's transport on there Like don't you can't you can't you can't see that young yeah you can't Kids today are just being inundated with images and things that we never saw when we were kids Well, I'm obviously a lot a lot older than you, but even you never saw no [2:14:02] This is what was the first time you saw someone get murdered on Instagram?
Great question.
I would say 20s probably like mid 20s where you're like, whoa.
I just see somebody like a video of just somebody like fall or somebody getting hit by something where you're like, what the fuck is where you're like, oh that person's dead.
Yeah.
So I'd say around mid when I was like mid late 20s, when you started seeing people just die scrolling through your phone.
Dude, I see it all the time.
Almost every day I see people die.
Almost every day.
Yeah.
I was on Twitter yesterday and I saw this video of this dude, this lady was complaining that this dude was too loud.
She was trying to go to sleep.
So the guy beat her to death in the hallway.
He hit, I don't know what he had in his hands, it's like kind of a blurry security camera.
But he keeps hitting her with this thing, and then she pleads for him, and then he hits her in the head, and she goes unconscious, and then he gets on top of her, it's just beating her to death.
Bro.
And then they had him, according to this post, they had him in jail.
They had him in trial.
[2:15:07] And he said she said she wanted to go to sleep, but now she sleeps real good.
Like after he beat her to death.
I don't know if he actually said that if someone's writing.
Yeah, I know what the fuck it is.
Movie life.
The video of him doing it, though, is the most disturbing shit you'll ever see.
It's like this lady.
It's like overweight lady who can't defend herself at all I think she's got her hands up.
She's getting beaten.
I can't watch this I can't watch it's impossible.
It's horrible.
It's horrible to watch and there's so many of them so many people get stabbed and shot Ran over by cars like fuck man and people have posted casually That's what I don't post to post it so casually as well.
There was one street takeover yesterday in Chicago.
And I guess it was a cop that had just gotten off duty and he was driving through and he tried to drive through the street takeover and they shot him multiple times.
[2:16:00] So this cop's in his car and he hit some people.
There's like, you know, they're trying to block the road and shit they're trying and he's trying to get through and you know He thinks he's a cop so he's gonna be able to do this and they just you hear just Somebody just unloads it kind of But that shit makes me sick because like you'll hear like about like a rapper dying and then two seconds later You'll just see the video and it's like well.
I don't think I'm supposed to live like, I don't think I'm supposed to live like that.
What happens if Kendrick Lamar and Drake run into each other in the wild?
Oh, Drake would fucking destroy that little guy.
Yeah, he's a tiny little dude.
But what if Kendrick is expecting that?
So he comes prepared.
The nice thing I like about this era is everyone's way gay or everyone's just so fucking gay and nice.
Everyone has their fingernails painted and everybody's just gonna talk shit, they're not gonna shoot.
They're just gonna be, I don't believe this is a two-pack biggie era.
This is not, I think that ended.
I think that's honestly when that ended afar.
As far as rappers still get killed, but I think the idea killing each other.
I feel like that was like, oh man, it's made me win a little too far.
I feel like cats are killing each other.
[2:17:05] They're confident that no one's going to use the nuclear bomb today.
Just because they just thought they haven't used the nuclear bomb since 1945.
Dirk relax.
We're not, we're not new to each other.
You say that.
You say that, but it happened.
It happened in history, you know?
Tyranny has always taken place.
There's tyranny right now in the world, right?
There's North Korea.
You go there, there's a run by a dictator.
Yeah.
Full on communism.
That shit exists.
It's real.
It's today.
2024, you wake up, normal, in America, live in Texas, you're all out of the free.
Not there, not there.
Same timeline, same time on earth.
It exists.
This is a human pattern.
And to think that the rappers can't shoot each other today is crazy.
I know, but I don't want them to.
They're so fucking, they're so not tough because like, what I like about two-pock and biggie, they were fucking real, man.
I'm not to say that Drake and Kendrick didn't come up.
I'm sure Kendrick from Compton.
He's probably seen some fucking shit.
But what he wraps about is that he's a literally a good kid from this mad city.
Drake wraps about how he's a sensitive guy who just wants to fall in love.
You know what I mean?
You can't put those words back in a bottle.
[2:18:07] You know, you say some dark shit about people's families.
Like, why?
Damn you, Kate.
But why also?
It's like, you don't engage in that.
For what reason?
Yeah.
What's the end goal?
Don't you?
Like, you know, one of the things people do, like, in a street fight, people don't think, where does this go?
They just think, I want to punch this guy.
Fuck this dude.
I'm going to punch this guy.
And you think you just punched that guy.
But now you've created a real problem because if that guy's still alive, he's going to remember that you punched him and he's going to want to get it back and know, maybe if he's the type of dude who's getting involved in street fights, it probably makes bad decisions.
And so you set off a chain of events that could lead to your death, other people's deaths, prison time, all kinds of crazy shit that can happen.
Just because you couldn't keep your emotions controlled in one moment and you didn't think it out.
You think, I'm just gonna fuck this guy up.
It's not that simple.
[2:19:01] Like, nobody likes getting fucked up.
They're gonna come back tomorrow with some friends.
They're gonna get a gun Someone's gonna do something yeah, these motherfuckers.
I talk about each other's kids on songs talking about each other's actual children So it can't be that they're thinking about where this goes because if you thought about where this goes Just it don't go to anywhere good it goes only one place You know what's funny?
I said cuz right now everyone's like oh Kendrick's killing him and we were talking about this for sure So I was like yeah, I say Kendrick is up right now.
He's probably winning this battle And he's being right way meter the clever all that stuff But I don't think when he went to bed he felt good no No, no can't can't be while you won't got into this business It there's no way and also for YouTube to be the two biggest rappers in the world and doing this It can't feel good because you know it's funny.
I wanted it.
I wanted people that when it first happened, I was like, gas, the two bass are going at it.
This is what we want.
And now that it's happened, I'm like, wow, I didn't want this at all.
And this is dark.
And it seems like this one, how many songs are they released so far?
I think they're both at three or four.
I think they're both at for each.
For each.
Jesus Christ.
Eight.
That's so crazy.
[2:20:05] Now, imagine if they put that much creativity into positivity.
Imagine if they just released new bangers all the time that they created based on world events.
You know?
They have eight songs together.
Yeah.
They have about eight right now together.
If Nas was mounted Israel and Palestine going to war and just went at them the way he went at J.Z he went at Jay Z How genius would that be?
Wouldn't it be jazz?
Oh my god.
I bet Nas could do that.
Nas and I do the nature war looks stupid.
Yeah, he's in it.
Yeah, he either the war Yeah, not both sides of the stupid shit that is being said by both sides Both sides justifying the death of innocent.
Even Jay Z lived on, that thing's living on.
Yeah.
Yeah, that thing's living on.
Yeah.
Like, oh my God, all the college protests, kids are gonna rest it.
Bro, it's just crazy, Joe.
They're not just that, but they're like spray painting up schools and kids are camping out on it.
[2:21:02] They're just looking for this cause that somehow or another is gonna elevate their status That's a part of it and also being outraged at what is happening in Palestine which is legitimate, but it's also been a part of Anti-war protests forever and what scary is if you know what happened at Kent State No, no, I'll Kent State was a cause that was having an anti-war protest, and they sent in the National Guard, and the National Guard wound up shooting people.
So they were shooting kids.
So it was Neil Young wrote a song about it.
It became like a cultural moment where we realized how fucking insane things had gotten that the Army or the National Guard was shooting, shooting students for anti-war protests.
I mean, they just fucking shot people.
Four kills in Kent State shooting.
The fuck?
Yeah, they broke up this peaceful protest by students with guns and the army.
They sent the army in and they shot people.
[2:22:10] It was crazy.
Fucking crazy.
What year was this?
This is 74.
74.
What year was this?
70, 1970.
Sorry, 70.
Wow.
They shot people, killed kids.
Of course, there was a wounding nine others.
Men and women killed them.
Oh, with killed kids.
Of course, there's a wounding nine others.
Men and women killed them.
Oh my college kids.
With rifles.
With rifles like their armed combatants trying to kill women and children.
No.
He's a fucking people, baby.
He's exactly kids, young people who didn't know any better, being shot by young people who don't know any better.
Yeah.
It's horrible, man.
It's fucking horrible.
Yeah, it's horrible man.
It's fucking horrible.
Yeah, what's going on?
The image of that lady screaming.
Yeah, that's so visceral man.
Bro, this can happen here.
Look at the blood pouring out of her.
That is so crazy.
Oh.
Or him, I don't know who did it.
This can happen here today, man.
This is why conflict is not good in any way, shape, or form.
And anybody that encourages conflict is foolish.
It's foolish.
Man, me and my wife, we live next door [2:23:06] to the Jewish fraternity on UT's campus and they have 24 hour armed guards outside now.
That's a new thing.
We live by armed for the last three years in the last since that happened on the UT campus.
That's what it's like over there now.
So you can tell us like just at their friend, not at the other ones.
So it's like, what the fuck?
Yeah, and so there are resting kids that are on the campuses, and then the kids become more emboldened, and now there's more of them, and more colleges are having this now, where kids are setting up these camps, and they're launching these camps, they're all sleeping on the lawn.
On the lawns and the tents, they should be here.
Yeah.
And then if you stop it they say you're stopping their freedom speech But no because like freedom of speech is you have the ability to protest and to say things and to go out there with signs and You know to express yourself online But you don't have the ability to can't place it [2:24:02] You can't just set up a house on the school lawn and keep it there until you decide that it's time to go.
Like now you're violating the school's property.
Yeah, because if you can do it, then why can't homeless people just do it?
Now what do we do?
I can't everybody do it.
Yeah, why can't I have this door here?
Yeah, I think that we have to address climate change.
I'm going to set up a tent.
And if you open up the door for that But regardless of how you feel about whether or not people should be outraged, and I think they should, you can't just let people can't place it.
It doesn't say that in the first amendment.
You can just take over places.
Yellow, Jewish students that didn't have nothing to do with it and demand compliance.
So a lot of people that all of a sudden they have something to look forward to.
This is something important in their life.
You can feel it.
all of a sudden they have something to look forward to.
This is something important in their life.
You can feel that.
My friend, Constantine, from trigonometry, he went to one of those protests.
What college was that?
What do you want to, Jamie?
Yeah.
And he was talking to these kids.
It was in New York, right?
The Columbia?
I think it was that one.
Wow.
Most of them had no idea what the fuck they were there for.
They didn't understand the conflict, they didn't understand anything, they were given signs by people.
[2:25:06] He interviewed a bunch of people that like, he tried to ask them and they would get upset at him.
He's like, I'm not, I'm just genuinely curious.
So they didn't really know what was going on.
They didn't have a real position, the real.
The river to the sea means, they didn't know if I can start it.
Do you know the history of Israel, do you know when it started, when the first Jews arrived there?
Look what is, this conflict's been going on for fucking ever, forever.
Yeah, and it takes such a, like I'm gonna get arrested on school campus for it and you don't even know what's going on.
That's wild to me.
Yeah, it's wild.
The whole thing is wild.
Do you think it's because of just internet people want that community.
I wanna feel like I gotta try.
I gotta, I'm not alone.
And you're a good person if you wanna stop genocide.
That's true.
Yeah, try to stop genocide over here, Derek.
Camping, camping to stop genocide.
It looks like he's in London, because that's where they live right.
Could be New York too though, bro.
I could be, I'm just gonna have to [2:26:00] have a look.
So on.
I'm trying to judge by where they're at.
Listen to us.
Listen to us.
Gaza, West Bank, then people to be free.
Yeah, Gaza and West Bank.
Yeah, all Palestinians in general, you know, because we know that what's going on.
All of them are being oppressed, so for them to be free, you know, it's nothing, nothing, you know, it's clear as day, you know.
Yeah, yeah, well, I was just a Israel.
That was just a Palestine protest.
He's done quite a few of these.
And they've done a bunch of different people have done as well on college campuses, asking kids.
But a lot of these are, they were a bunch of college kids that he interviewed in this, one of these protests.
They don't know what they're protesting.
Or some of them do.
But a lot of them don't.
They're there because they think you're supposed to be a good person.
And one of them actually said, oh my friend said, do you want to go protest?
And I was like, okay, so I came.
That makes more sense.
That makes more sense to me why kids are like, cause I was, I talked to a sign about it cause I just don't really understand.
I was like, why are kids from colleges?
I noticed it's an effect in your life.
I've been in college before.
Just curious and then I was like, oh well maybe I played football.
I had a tribe of friends and I was already Oh think so the idea of trying to get into another group of friends.
That's what I think it really is [2:27:09] Like you want to feel some community.
Yeah, that's a big part of it and also Genocide and If you watch they did some drone footage that showed a drone flying over Gaza before October 7th and then that same drone flying over Gaza today.
It's crazy.
It's crazy.
It's crazy.
They've erased just giant blocks of this city.
It's just erased.
Before October 7th, there was like ships.
They flew the drone.
See if you can find it.
If not, I could probably find it.
But they flew the drone over there the sea so you see the ships in the sea Not the exact same way, but yeah, you see how The universities have been destroyed look at this university.
It was destroyed.
It was gorgeous.
Yeah [2:28:01] Look at it everything's just Targeted educational facilities under false permit look at that So they targeted educational institutions because I don't know if it's false premises so the problem The problem is you don't know unless you are there.
You don't know like they do have tunnels They do embed themselves in hospitals.
They do embed themselves in different places.
And Israel doesn't give a fuck.
They're just gonna bomb wherever the bad people are, no matter what's there, whether it's a school or whether it's a mosque and they're just bombing.
And if you watch the, what it used to look like versus what it looks like now, it's fucking terrifying, man.
It's terrifying.
Look at that.
yeah that's the same.
It's crazy man.
Everything's just blown the fuck up and no one's there and the streets are empty.
I mean look at this.
I mean imagine if you used to live there.
That's what, because in your head in America, you're like, oh that wouldn't happen to me, but it's like why wouldn't it?
That's the, it looks like a nice building in America.
It looks like a regular nice building.
That's human beings doing that to other human beings.
[2:29:06] That can happen anywhere in the world.
That can happen right here.
And if we didn't have a strong military and we didn't have intelligence agencies that keep terrorist attacks from taking place and all this shit, but then again, how much are we doing in other countries that is like getting people to want to do something like that here?
It's scary stuff, man.
It's scary stuff because it's not you and it's not me.
It's leaders that are telling gigantic groups of people that you're opposed to these people over here.
And you get them to be a part of that community, be a part of the tribe, whatever side, whether you're an IDF soldier, whether you're a homos, you feel like you're on the right side, you know, fuck those people up.
It's a horrible instinct that human beings have.
We've had since the beginning of civilization, just tribal warfare.
It's just tribal warfare on a global scale with insanely sophisticated technology, at least on one side.
You're right.
Because it's like if it was happening when we were [2:30:01] cavemen or when we were, you know, in tribes, it's not like it's any different.
It's the same thing just on a, we can communicate now, we can.
And with the whole world's watching it.
And then it also gives people an opportunity, like these college kids, to protest it, and to feel like they're virtuous by camping out, and they're not gonna take their studies.
And one girl just, there was an interview that she found out she wasn't gonna graduate because she got arrested for the protests and saw her family's flying in to see her graduate and she wasn't gonna graduate she's like oh shit you realize like what the fuck did I do I thought this was fun I just wanted I want to graduate, Anita Jam.
My parents paid for this.
And that's a lot of it too.
A lot of it's like young rich kids.
You have to be a young rich kid, I feel it.
Those kids that glue themselves to like paintings and stuff to stop oil now.
Almost all from wealthy families.
Almost all of them from at least upper middle class, [2:31:03] highly educated.
People that grew up in a struggle, they don't have time to glue themselves to the fucking wall of the museum, okay?
You know, you have to pay for your mom, your mom doesn't have any money, and you have a side job while you're at school.
Like, you know, it's got an injury, shit.
Yeah, real shit.
Real shit.
Real shit, you don't have time to glue yourself or cut up paintings.
See these fucking psychopaths cut up these paintings from like the 1800s, slice them up with a razor blade, priceless paintings, hundreds of years old.
Well, I don't understand, because you would think those people would be the people who love art.
That you're so, you would love art.
Yeah, but they don't love art by colonizers and slave owners.
And the thing is if you go back far enough in history, everyone's a piece of shit.
You go back far enough in history, you don't listen to Socrates because he's a pedophile.
You go back in history, you don't worship the Spartans.
They all fucked each other and they fucked their kids.
They fucked everybody.
These are wild people, man.
If you just like pederastic, like pedophiles back then, [2:32:02] it was so common.
They talked about like having young boy lovers.
It was like an open thing.
You know, in other parts of the world right now, in Afghanistan, my friends that have gone to Afghanistan and served there, they'll go, dude, it's crazy.
Some of the shit you see in Afghanistan.
With these young boys, they get swapped around.
Oh, dude, dark shit.
That's fucked up, dude.
Dark shit.
And young boys that they use for sex and these guys don't shave their face or they shave their face or other where everybody else grows out of beard.
Yeah.
And they know it and they have like gay guys and they just toss them around.
So they use women for procreation, some of these people and they use the boys for fun.
Yeah, what the fuck, dude?
And if you go back far enough in history, like, that's why you have to take down Thomas Jefferson statue, you know, that's why even Abraham Lincoln's piece of shit.
Because Abraham Lincoln, even though he freed the slaves and even though Abraham Lincoln was the president of the United States during the Civil War, Abraham Lincoln also wrote about [2:33:03] black people that they were less than 100% of a human being he didn't consider them like the same as white people Yeah, so you got to go well he's a piece of shit too and then you go back to George Washington Founded this country with a fucking fuck that guy so it's fuck everybody I mean what are we doing, bro?
I remember Trump said this once when they were taking down statues of Confederate soldiers They were taking down a statue of like Robert E.
Lee and He said what's next you're gonna take down George Washington never was like no way meanwhile a couple years later They're taking down George Washington statues damn.
Yeah, bro.
Everybody was a piece of shit People will bring up like you know Martin Luther King Jr.
cheated on his wife.
It's like man He's that's not the point.
Yeah, I don't like what people do that when they try to race art or history because people are living it.
He did and they recorded him.
So like they probably set him up too.
So they probably brought in a hot lady used to fuck him.
[2:34:00] Yeah.
And he was probably like, yeah, I like how exactly I'm tired of me trying to stop Racism all day trying to stop you from dying trying to get everybody get along.
I need to get along Yeah, so it's like if you go back far enough like JFK was a notorious womanizer It doesn't mean they should have shot him, you know like hey, they fucking murdered the president It would go to stop concentrating on the fact that he fucked Marilyn Monroe This a lot other shit going on, But if you go way, way back, like everybody's a piece of shit.
Human beings were horrible to each other a thousand years ago, 2000 years ago, 3000 years ago.
Murder was normal.
That Aztec shit just rolling bodies down the steps.
Come on.
Oh my God, dude.
Then a paca-lip-doh movie you ever seen that?
That kind of, that shit.
Oh man.
What is that temple again, T-O-T-O-Con?
The temple, Tenochit-Lon, Tenochit-Lon.
The temple of Tenochit-Lon by the Aztecs, they don't even know how many people they slaughtered afterwards, but they sacrificed thousands and thousands of slaves.
The upper numbers 80,000 some people would say it might have been as low as 20,000 whatever the fuck it was a moment They were finished with the the temples that they built okay time to die when I get a feed you anymore [2:35:11] You've finished your work.
We're gonna fucking sacrifice you to the gods but they had like The myons had this really creepy when I went to Cheechanita they have this human sacrifice Chichen Itza.
They have this human sacrifice like tray.
It's like a guy who's like lying on his back and there's like a flat thing in front where they would cut people's fucking heads off in front of everybody.
So it's at the top of the stairs of this pyramid.
You see this thing and they would fucking lace someone down there.
Yeah, I just throw that head down the stairs.
Head with bounce down the stairs.
They don't even know sometimes, there's speculation that sometimes they use heads to play games.
They use human heads to play like ball games with.
Those days were fucking horrible.
[2:36:00] They were wild dude.
They had ball games where the winning team was slaughtered.
The winning team was second.
I've heard about that and that was the honor right?
You still you wanted to win.
This is one of those things where the guide told me this when we were we were we had a really good guide in Cheechan Itza you pay for a professional guide and this guy was cool as fuck and he also told me that there was something that they were doing some sort of psychedelic compound that they were doing in this one very specific area.
It was like there was certain things that they did that mimicked or that had lycurgic acid in it, which is like LSD.
And so he was explaining all that stuff to me.
They were just talking about the nature of like a lot of these sacrifices and that they used to think that they would sacrifice the losing team.
But then they switched it and they think, no, they think they sacrificed the winning team.
Which is crazy.
That means no one ever got good at the fucking...
You win the NBA and everybody gets their head cut off in front of everybody.
You won!
Now it's time to go to the gods!
Whop!
That's crazy.
Me, Ma, they thought it was a way to go.
Like, this is gonna be amazing.
I'm going to heaven.
We want to come back as a moth.
Just f**k.
[2:37:05] I was a badass.
Athlete.
Now I'm just going towards the flames.
F**k.
This is bullshit.
Oh my god, I was so cocky.
I thought I was gonna make it.
Joe.
Yeah.
Is that true though that they sacrificed the winning team?
I've heard that.
Google that because I've heard that I heard that from that guy who's the guide, but this is you know 2000 They people didn't know much back then You know, I was like I don't know I don't know to this day how much they know About what what they don't know what what happened where everybody went.
Yeah, where are they?
I think we died from disease.
I think they died from the same diseases that Most of the Native Americans were killed with.
When the Europeans showed up with smallpox, syphilis, and like syphilis, they actually got from Native Americans speculative.
But a lot of diseases they brought over here and just no one had an immunity to them.
These European diseases, they just ran through it.
[2:38:01] It killed 90% of the population.
But the real genocide in North America is disease.
How come that didn't happen?
How come we didn't like some of whatever their diseases we didn't get so affected?
We did, we did with syphilis apparently.
But this is very speculative and it's disputed, but I'll just say it.
There's more than one version of syphilis, right?
So there's like one syphilis and again I've read different accounts of this.
But there's a syphilis that existed in Europe and then there was a syphilis that they believe came from North America that these people that came over on the Mayflower and Oletia, they were fucking some of the Native American people and got their VD and then brought their VD back to Europe.
And they think that this is why this rash of syphilis, this is one theory about why this rash of syphilis went through like European royalty to the point where that's where the term bigwig comes from.
Really?
Yeah, the term bigwig is there's these brothers that were French, they were some royalty, [2:39:04] and they got syphilis.
And when you get syphilis, you're fucking hair falls out, you develop like holes in your skin, your face has holes in it.
And to cover up the fact that they lost their hair, they got wigs.
And they were so popular that it's like, you know what, someone wears something stupid, you're like, how is that work?
Everybody's wearing this thing because Kanye wore it.
So everybody's wearing the same shit that Kanye wore.
Well that's how they were.
They were so influential that when they got wigs, everybody won a wigs.
And then since there are everyone's fucking everybody, everyone's getting syphilis.
So they all have holes in their faces and shit and they got wigs.
And the more money you had, the bigger the wig.
So if you're rich dude, you're a big wig.
That is so crazy.
Isn't that crazy?
Because like when you heard that term, when I heard that term was a kid, oh, he's a big wig.
Like the big wig is like, oh, he's a banker.
He's a big wig.
He's a big shot.
That's what it is.
Okay, well the hoops.
Sometimes the ball will go through the hoop would be hailed as a victor.
Helmke said, but he didn't say that that was the point of the game.
[2:40:09] He said that might happen once in a while that it was truly exceptional.
Moreover, the vast majority of ball courts in the Maya do not have hoops.
And then here's the sacrifice.
Wow.
Oh, human sacrifice.
Well, just as part two.
So like, I think the sacrifice part came over when the Europeans came and saw what was happening They probably did not understand what was going down.
Oh, this is a sacrifice is probably not really part of it Interesting although it did happen, but they definitely sacrificed a lot of people right and not maybe I an association with this game Oh, I see I see I see interesting interesting.
Um, so what does this say there?
Given how popular and well-attended the ball games were sometimes a captive might be executed at the game just for funzies.
But these sacrifices weren't an integral part of the game.
That person would have been expedited executed anyway.
Oh, so they would do it for fun.
So when you asked this question I was looking through this article which [2:41:01] comes from a tabloid.
I'll add the sun, but it talks about these skull towers they found.
They had found upwards of 200, but the experts say that that means that there might have been thousands and thousands and thousands of skulls embedded embedded in these towers, but they were destroyed and covered up when the Europeans came.
Oh, so they already had these skulls embedded in the these walls.
Yeah, not then then you asked if they were coming from like the game.
I was trying to find out if that's oh my god.
Look at this one historical report claimed one rat contained more than 130,000 skulls.
I could be like some guy saw it and he's like it was so big there was had to be a thousand and thousands of them and then maybe there was but bro imagine being back then Imagine going back then before the Europeans conquered them and to see what the fuck were you guys doing How did you go back up to that image of the what the the outside looked like a little higher up that one Imagine just showing up one day to this place going what the fuck are you guys taking [2:42:06] Why what are you guys taking?
Cause this is crazy.
Why did you, why, what are you doing?
Why did you guys do this?
Why didn't you just make huts?
You made these, the steps, they're all skulls inside.
Bro, they didn't even have horses.
They didn't even have horses.
They didn't have horses?
No, no, they didn't have horses.
When the European showed up in horses.
They thought they were gods Like you look at these guys they're riding horses.
They're fucking gods Yeah, that was part of the problem.
They didn't understand how someone could ride a horse like oh my god These must be the gods they must be just like the prophecies they've come on These beasts right and beast yeah, and show up in boats like what the fuck you guys have a boat And they showed up with horses hop and horses out of the boat like this is crazy That would be like alien showing up in spacecraft cuz we would be like what the what is this Jamie three quarters of the skulls Analyze belong to men ages 20 to 35 and they were all said to have been in relatively good health before they were sacrificed [2:43:00] Oh my god, so it's all sacrifices.
Oh my god 130,000 sacrifices at least in one wall In good health is crazy.
Oh those people were wild.
They were wild man building those structures no horses and killing everybody Just sacrificing people What were they taking man?
What would they have to be on?
They were on some hardcore trucks.
They probably had their own version of meth, just methed out.
Spanish conquisites were appalled at the Skull Rack when they entered Tenochtitlan in 1519.
Two years later, they destroyed the city and paved over its ruins, leaving the Aztec sacrificial remains below the streets of what later became the Mexican capital, holy fucking shit man.
What an energy.
That's where Mexico City is, right?
To live on top of that.
Because Mexico City, like when they're doing construction, they have to stop all the time, but hold on, we found a temple.
They'll find some shit down there.
They find ruins.
[2:44:01] They find all kinds of things.
For a long time, many historians and anthropologists questioned whether descriptions by Spanish eyewitnesses exaggerate the number of skulls on the skull rack as well as a number of victim sacrifice by the Aztecs he told Fox News this discovery now makes those early accounts much more believable oh my god what's the new discovery just that like that this whole article is the discovery that they found all the skulls where they found it fuck dude look at this evil motherfuckers fat like what were they doing?
Why were they doing convincing me in good health you guys you had to be on some kind of math some kind of I wonder if That's why God sent the Europeans to them Like you guys are just out of control.
We got a teach you Spanish.
We got to get you guys spoons guys are just out of control.
We got to teach you Spanish.
We got to get you guys spoons.
We got to teach you spoons.
Teach you Spanish and bring you horses.
Which is horrible if you think about it at the time.
I mean, we think about it as a terrible thing that happened.
You know, the Europeans came here, brought to Z's, killed everybody and slaved everybody, turned the whole country Spanish speaking.
[2:45:01] Like Mexico speaks Spanish, bro.
Spain ain't nowhere near Mexico.
It ain't even close to Mexico.
That's a long journey.
I don't know, raft.
It took over the whole mother fucker.
Took over the whole mother fucker.
Took over the whole mother fucker.
And the people that were in control of it before then, probably worse.
Probably worse than them.
Sacr-bodied men yeah and relatively good health off with your fucking head you become a part of the column congratulations and you're like yeah yes imagine you're a 25 year old guy like I'm fucking aspirations one day I'd like to run this thing.
Nope.
I want to win the I'd like to.
You can't run this.
You can't be a king.
You have no chance.
No, you gotta be born in this shit.
The born into it is the worst, because you can't escape that.
Cast system, right?
Oh, it's the worst.
The most evil trick that anybody ever played on the game.
[2:46:01] Man.
The ever played on the main the most evil trick.
I seen it.
First hand when we went to Abu Dhabi.
I seen it.
I seen what it was like, oh, over here you can't ain't no coming out of ain't no Joe Rogan ain't no coming out of the Boston swums and making it today.
I saw it from the bottom.
No, come on.
Come on.
Let's come on.
But yeah, no, no, there's none of that there.
There's none of that there and that's one of the things about England too I mean even in modern England my friends who've come over from England say in England They don't want you to change your status in society.
They don't want you to rise up if you're lower class you stay lower class You're that forever Yeah, I like America only fans.
It's the best.
Come on.
It's the best You got some big titties you read it.
You want to show them you could be a fucking star Bro, I ain't getting a job an insurance company if I got these big titties Yeah, fuck that I feel you ladies go for it Oh, my daughter's doing it, but go for it.
Do whatever you want to do.
I want you to be free [2:47:01] Oh, if you're you know, everybody has different circumstances if you're trapped What I want you to be free.
If you're you know, everybody has different circumstances if you're trapped.
Yeah, what is this?
You talked about how the horses came with The Europeans, but I was like what else did they not use anything?
They now have nothing anything?
They brought donkeys also donkeys weren't here either.
Mm-hmm interesting.
Yeah, that makes sense 1490 and then mules are the the cross of donkeys and horses Which are the best they didn didn't exist, probably.
Well, they probably existed in Europe.
Yeah, okay.
I don't know.
Let's find out.
When did they first start breeding mules?
Mules are non-viable, meaning a mule can't make another mule.
You need a donkey and a horse to make a mule.
3,000.
Wow.
3,000 BC.
Yeah, but they're the most durable.
They're the sturdiest of animals like the guys who go Backpack hunting like deep into the mountains my friend Clay Nukam he came on this podcast.
He raises mules and He talks about like flashy mules a good looking mule like but mules are like better than horses because mules won't go over the cliff [2:48:01] Horses is like oh, it's go over the cliffals like, fuck you.
I'm not going this way.
This is dangerous.
It's an edge.
Yeah.
When the mule gets to a place where it doesn't like it, it's like, uh-uh.
That's why the term stubbornness of mule, that's where that comes from.
Because mules are smart.
That's smart.
Yeah.
They figured out that that's the run because they require less water, less food, they're more durable, they can last longer with that water and food.
How many animals are like that in the world?
It takes two things to make them, but they can't make themself.
There's quite a few hybrids like that, that's a liger, like those lions and tigers and the burritos together and they make that one thing.
It's huge.
Yeah, well the thing about the liger is, I think what happens is whether it's the male lion or the female tiger.
One of them is missing the gene that regulates growth.
So when you combine it, coi wolf, yeah.
The thing about coi wolfs though, grizzly polar rare hybrid, yeah.
A Walpin.
It's a whale of the dolphin.
What is that real?
[2:49:01] That must be the smartest animal alive.
What a whale of the dolphin.
A Walpin is extremely rare, cystician hybrid, born from a mating of a female common bottle nose dolphin with a male false killer whale.
Wow.
The name applies to a hybrid of a whale in a dolphin, although taxonomically, both are within the oceanic dolphin family, which is within the toothed whale provodoror there's a lot of fish there hybrids There's hybrid bass that are like a hybrid between small mouth and large mouth that happens a Jaggolion oh shit Jagger off a beef below a buffalo that fucked cow Interesting there's quite a few yeah, but most of them can't breathe Neanderthal, that's crazy.
Most of them can't breathe by themselves.
You can't take two mules and they won't make a mule.
They just fuck, they just get wild.
They just get crazy.
There's nothing happening.
Just cases.
Just bad loads.
[2:50:01] Just useless loads.
Nothing in there.
Yeah.
Just dead loads.
Nothing in there.
Yeah.
Just dead loads.
Yeah, because nature's like, no, no, no, you can't be fucking around like this.
Nature's like, you try once and then you're done.
This one's not viable.
It's interesting, nature is encoded that way, or it doesn't like the idea of a dog being able to fuck a horse and make a dog horse.
Like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, too crazy.
Too crazy.
It knows.
Yeah, you have to stay within your species.
And if you're different things in the species, like a cat, like a lion and a tiger, no babies for you.
You can make a, you can fuck like, no, it's too crazy.
Is it like, I guess like Down syndrome?
How they can't have kids?
They can't.
We can have it.
No, they can't.
They can't have kids.
Yeah, not only can they have kids, they can have kids that are normal.
Yeah, yeah, 99% sure of that.
[2:51:01] Have you ever seen this kind of dog?
What is that?
What is that?
Whoa.
3000 year old boy, x-o-l-o-i-z-c-u-i-n-t-l-i.
Pronounced, show low eats queen t-le.
Queen t-le.
Show low eats queen t-le.
Show yo show low eats queen t-le.
You didn show low eats queen T.
Lee you didn't have a call.
You didn't have a call that.
I fucked multiple girls with M.A.
The ancient Aztec dog of the gods is today a loving companion and vigilant watchdog.
The alert and loyal X low comes in three, and he's either hairless or coated varieties.
Wow.
That hair is awesome.
That little, you know.
That's a 3000 year old dog.
That's the wildest shit that all dogs come from wolves.
So that thing at one point in time was a wolf, and the bitch ass wolves made their way to the campfire [2:52:01] and dropped their ears a little bit and kind of relaxed and became friends with the people because the people gave them food.
And then they became dogs.
All dogs, even little Carl over there, little tiny Carl.
At one point in time, many, many, many, many thousands of years ago Carl was a wolf.
They don't even know exactly how long ago that process started.
There's like guesses, but they vary by a whole.
But humans did that.
We did that.
Yeah, humans did that.
100%.
Yeah, we did that.
Cats too or no?
Cats are like a lot of wild cats.
There's a lot of different kinds of cats that bred, but the domestic cat of the day is very different than most wild cats.
But it's like, they did this thing with foxes in Russia where they took wild foxes and the ones that were aggressive that showed any aggression towards people that all they killed them?
And the ones that didn't show aggressive, they let them breed.
And they kept doing this over many, many generations.
And within a few decades, the fox completely changed its form.
They had droopy ears.
They had big soft, sweet eyes.
[2:53:02] They had smaller mouths.
They changed the fox.
Quick, quick, like in the course of this study.
So not something that took place over thousands of years, but by killing any one of them that was aggressive, they made only the ones that were like sweet and passive survive.
That's how you get like my dog.
That's how you get martial.
I'll say you get martial.
He just like any one of those golden retrievers that was mean they didn't let them breed.
So what you get is it's like this big sweet loving dog just loves everybody.
And that's how that was a wolf.
That was a wolf.
But over many, many, many generations of selective breeding they turned it into this crazy thing.
I don't know how the fuck they did it, but it just shows you how bizarre nature is that nature can make those adaptations.
I think about humans, I mean, we were just about to ask texts, we're like, gang is con people, or Vikings to now.
Yeah, to now, yeah.
Like we clearly just pacified it, and chilling it out.
Yeah, and especially these kids on college campuses, they don't even know what gender they are anymore.
[2:54:02] Like there's no need.
There's a lot of them we're saying.
There's no need for gender or it's all bullshit.
That's the direction that things are moving.
Things are moving into a genderless direction.
Whether it's being influenced by who, what, how, or when, that's irrelevant.
What I'm saying is it's clearly moving in that direction.
And if you didn't have anything to do with the population, if you were something that was completely outside of society looking at us, he'd be like, oh, they're like feminizing.
They're feminizing everything.
They're also feminizing in terms of even men are behaving like bitches.
Yeah.
Like they're behaving like, like, caddy wenches.
And it's also rewarded.
It's rewarded and it's not disgusting.
Whereas it would be disgusting behavior for a man to behave like that in a tribal society that requires those men to be strong and stoic.
Like you have to be able to sword fight stupid.
Yeah, they rid of that man.
Yeah, you can't, that guy's a bitch.
A caddy man in a tribe?
[2:55:00] Yeah.
The fuck are we doing?
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's talking to your girl while he was on a reading party.
I said, hmm.
You think I longed he survived as a male feminist in the tribal society?
Oh, you, I, because I come home, my wife said that, that you said that and I kill you, right?
Yeah.
I feel like that part.
You'd be a part of that column immediately.
Yeah, immediately.
We have to get rid of you.
Yeah, you have to get rid of you.
And everyone else in the tribe will be like, oh, thank God you got rid of that.
Yeah, that kind of was a problem.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That was a problem, dark.
But if you do that over time, and there's enough safety, we become just like dogs.
We become some sort of a domesticated version of what was once wolves.
And I don't know if that's good or bad.
Yeah, because it's still resisting it in some ways, because there's still the problem is, these passive people are not overall kind.
They're very aggressive with trying to enforce their ideas on everybody else and you must comply.
So it's very much like I'm gonna get back at you thing.
It's being picked on when you were a young thing, [2:56:02] an outsider that's finally a part of a gang and you're gonna enforce these ideas on other people.
So the ideology is not rooted in compassion, even though it pretends to be.
It's in rooted in, like all the ideologies, it's rooted in control.
And people are just trying to control people and get everyone else to comply with the way they now see the world.
And when you're weak and you're doing that, it's not good.
Because you're also like you're angry at the world, you're angry at the way you were mistreated or you were an outsider and now you're not.
Now you're a part of a group.
And so now you're going to do the exact same thing to people that they did to you.
You're going to hurt them.
Just like you got hurt.
Yeah.
So worse mentality.
Is that happened to me?
Happened to me?
That's what you're saying?
Happened to me?
That's how it was for me.
It's like, what don't you want it to not be that way?
Yeah.
People don't, man.
Yeah.
It's just a natural human instinct for fucking whatever bizarre reason, man.
So it's a control thing.
That's the scary thing.
You can't let people control.
It doesn't mean that you shouldn't let people drift off into this genderless direction.
Like, you do whatever you want to do.
[2:57:05] I think this is happening, whether we like it or not.
I think it's happening with it.
There's a lot of like chemical influences, there's microplastics that are influencing the way testosterone levels are in young people, the development of their sex organs.
And this, this, this kind of needs to be doing something.
It's gonna be doing something.
There's propaganda that's actually getting through your phone too.
That's affecting the way people reward certain types of behavior and people like to gravitate towards behaviors that are rewarding.
You know, if you're a loser and then also you're amazing because now you're wearing a dress, you're like, I'm gonna keep wearing this dress.
Everybody like fucking hugs me when they see me.
They think I'm cool.
These things I was a loser.
Yeah.
And that's, and that you hear that, you're like, damn, I understand that.
I understand it.
I want to be hugged too.
But if I was objective, and I wasn't a part of the human race, which I clearly am, if I was looking at it from outside, I would say, like, what is the end goal of this?
Like, where does this go?
What's clearly going to some genderless alien-looking direction?
I think that's [2:58:06] where we're going.
I think that's just, I think even if aliens aren't real, even if you don't really see them, I think that's an archetype in our head because it's almost like a light on the path that's showing us.
This is where you're going.
You're going to that.
This futuristic, everyone is one being.
Vikings, genderendelus.
Slowly but surely, right?
Caveman, Vikings, Gendelus.
Yeah.
But the thing is they're not nice.
You know, you can go that way if you want.
But don't try to force it on me.
Don't force it on people that were born biologically male.
There's nothing wrong with that.
That's not, there's nothing wrong with that.
That's not this the whole reason why you're not speaking German Shut the fuck up like like this whole idea of like toxic masculinity That's all great until you need someone to help you.
You need it.
That's all great until you need someone to open up a jar of mayonnaise You know shut the fuck up.
Listen, you need all those things.
You just need people to be nice [2:59:00] You need to be people to be nice that are like savages and people that are nice, that are pacifists.
Everyone should just be nice.
And we can live like that.
Just don't fuck with each other.
Yeah, because you never see them, not never, but it is crazy that they make such a big deal about gender stuff sometimes.
And it's like, well, you don't look happy thoughled, right?
They're in this thing, they're fighting for their cause, and then they exaggerated, like there's a transgender sign.
Like, what?
Stop.
Okay, you get in a way with too much because you're in a university setting and everybody's like saying you're amazing.
And no one wants a question.
No one wants to go shot the fuck out.
Because that's the other problem with kids today.
It's like they only have one thought process, there's one ideology.
It's not a bunch of right-wing people that are fucking camping and making sure they can carry guns to school, because it's a school shooter.
We're gonna camp out until we can carry guns and just look at building.
No, that's not gonna happen.
So it's like you've got one ideology.
And the crazy thing is like, there's two sides that ideologies because the left wing is always Jewish too.
There's not a lot of like really hard, [3:00:08] unless thinking about like Ben Shapiro and a few other Dennis Prager, right wing Jewish folks.
A lot of Jewish people that we know, they're Democrats.
They've always been kind of traditionally like what percentage, let's find this out.
What percentage of Jewish people vote Democrat?
That's even a poll.
It has to be.
It has to be.
And I bet you the majority will know.
The group could tell you.
They don't want to tell you that they know.
They'd be keeping a track.
Yeah, they know.
They know.
But I would guarantee you, it's a very high number.
So now you have a conflict amongst that side.
Because you have one side that says that what's happening in Gaza is genocide and the other side that says Israel has the right to defend itself and that this is you know what we did in Iraq after 9-11 what we did in Dada after that what we did in Japan all no one knows mad at any of them yeah gotta sign told me recently that I guess seven in ten Jewish adults identify with or lean towards a democratic party and have [3:01:07] described their political views as liberal.
Yeah.
So seven and ten, 70 percent.
70 percent?
And so inside that party, you've got people that are literally on college campus is saying death to the Jews and supporting Hamas.
And you're supposed to be left-wing too.
So now if I was a country that was trying to destroy America, I would push these ideas.
This is an interesting subsect, the orthodox Jews, which is one in 10 of Jewish adults, is 60 to 75% conservative of a Republican.
That makes sense, right?
Because they're strictly religious, which would make you much more conservative.
75% identifies Republicans or lean towards the GOP and 81% approved the Trump's job performance at the time of the survey.
Everybody's making money.
We're making money.
Trump!
He's doing it!
[3:02:00] Derek, let's wrap this up.
You're the fucking man.
It's been a pleasure getting to know you, becoming friends with you at the store.
And I just want thank you for being one of the early adopters coming out here early on.
And it's been beautiful, man.
We're having a good fucking time.
We're having a joke.
Thank you for changing my life, brother.
I appreciate you for the job.
I love you, I love you too.
All right Thank you.
================================================================================
Episode Title: #2145 - Colin Quinn
Transcript:
Hello, Colin Quinn.
Hello, Joe.
Joe, that was fun last night.
Let me just stop by saying what a fun time at the club.
The green room and everything else.
And I talking to your head of security at the club.
Here's what I love about the club.
I worked the club.
I had a great weekend, a couple of months ago.
Is they keep the audience in line.
Nobody's heckling without getting booted.
Is that not the most important thing in comedy that nobody talks about?
It's very important.
It's unbelievable.
And unfortunately, there's so many crowd work clips that get put out on Instagram.
Right.
Like, the people are now thinking that they wanna be a part of the show.
And so I see people much more often chiming in and yelling things out and they think they're gonna be a part of things.
Yeah.
And even when you go, when you try to be nice on the first line, you go, that was okay, sir.
Then they try again, you're like, listen, you pee.
Oh my God, but that's why I love it at your club.
Everybody there just has the energy, like, we're gonna tell you right now, another word you're out.
That's how it should be.
Right.
Nobody's ever heckled once.
Nobody heckles sober either.
And nobody heckles sober.
And they just like to start trouble.
And the green one was fun.
And even though I didn't go on, I was sitting and going, because you have to understand the language, where I was like, you want to go on, I go, I don't really want to go on.
You go, that's cool.
But really, then you I was supposed to say the crowd really went to your goal.
And I'm like, Joe, I don't want to bump anybody.
No, you wouldn't be bumping anybody.
We'll just cut Tony's time down.
Joe, I don't want to be that guy.
You're like, don't be ridiculous.
Oh, I have to dance with you.
Go on.
I didn't know you wanted to dance.
If you wanted to dance tonight, no, I got to leave would love to get you are you performing tonight?
No, no [2:11] Maybe I could change my flight.
Well, let's say maybe I could change it move it around.
This place lights out of Austin It's a wonderful hub.
It is it's great.
It keeps booming every time I was here less.
How much is COVID?
Yeah, I don't think it's gonna get too much bigger and up peak you think so.
Yeah, yeah, I think you think Shane Gillis was the last citizen they allowed in?
No, there's a few more coming.
Joe DeRosa just got a place here.
He did?
Yeah, and Joey Diaz is getting a place here.
I can't believe the two Joe Diaz are gonna be here.
Let's go.
That's great.
Joe Diaz and Joe DeRosa is a fierce combination.
I know, but I spoke to Joe DeRosa chicken place because of Joe Dorosa.
Really?
Why?
Because when he recommended it, it just bugged me, his confidence when he goes, he got to try this chicken place.
And I was like, Gus is fried chicken.
I know.
It's phenomenal.
I just don't like the Joe's position himself as the new gastronomic expert in government.
Right, because he owns a sub shop.
[3:00] By the way, it's a good sub shop though.
I heard it's amazing.
It's fucking great.
It's fucking great.
He brought some over when they were doing moondower.
He was in town.
He brought some subs over.
They were fucking tremendous.
He's got a great place.
Yeah.
I always look at the Instagram photos.
I'm like, oh my god, they look so good.
They said the bread's amazing.
Everything's amazing.
He makes a great sub.
He's obviously, it's a labor of love.
He's a professional comic, it's a side thing.
I like sandwiches, let's make a sandwich shop.
He knocked it out of the park, everybody goes with big subs, not expensive.
The name Joey Rose is just good.
It's great, it's great.
It's anger producing in some ways, but in a lot of ways for you.
You have a thing with him I think.
With Joe?
Yeah.
I try to have a thing with everybody.
That's my thing, Joe.
I like to have a thing with you.
If you had studied, just, if you had just studied straight karate and warranted to MMA, maybe I could have a thing with you, but let's face it, you don't play games.
I do play games.
You're not to be taken lightly.
Yeah.
What about the, yeah, before he came down here, I was, because in New York, it's so funny, [4:10] when the green room last night, all I wanted to do was bus balls with everybody.
Like that's what I live for.
It's fun, you know.
And when he sees Shane Gillis in there, Shane Gillis is just that guy.
He's so big.
I just want you to, I want you to make, I want you to lock him in a, in a basement.
I just feed him like red meat and make him train MMA for like two years and just eat masculine and red meat.
I just become a stone cold killer.
Wow.
That's my dream.
I got him working out.
For sure.
Yeah, I know.
He looks so yesterday, he said he'd be running.
We did two hard days.
Well, look how big he is.
It's a big fuck.
Yeah.
Big old football player, kid.
If I was as big as him, I wouldn't be a comic.
No?
I'd be an animal.
I'd be working at security at the club.
Some people shut up.
Tony's trying to do something of that.
Yeah.
[5:06] Comedy's like, it's got an anger to it, don't you think?
A little bit.
Yeah, it's got to.
Well, there's just so much resistance.
It's so difficult to get through.
Yeah.
It's a lot of fucking running up that river.
Yeah.
Ah.
What about, yeah, even the way, even the way we talked to each other, like I'm at the cell of the other night.
So here's what happened.
So I'm just sitting there, keet is there, no it's there.
So I just give the waitress.
First of all, I'm like the synotryp tipping.
I didn't want to bring this up but now I'm bringing it up because it's part of the story.
So I tip them but I always put it there because I'm trying not to flash how much I tip.
Right.
So I'm trying to do it like that You're tipping.
You're not part of the rat pack.
They just are trashing me.
10 minutes.
Meanwhile, but I'm only doing that so you cheap bastards don't look bad.
You know?
I understand.
Yeah.
This is a daily thing.
I enjoy tipping myself.
Yeah.
I can see you're a high roll.
It's like a little love bomb.
Give a little love bomb.
[6:00] Yes.
An extra few dollars in it makes the home day.
You don't even feel it Makes people happy.
I always try to tell my cheap friends like you got to get over that.
Yeah, fuck that 15% What are you doing?
I agree?
There's a lot of chisels.
Yeah, don't make a chiseler and they think of excuses Yeah, you see that attitude Yeah, I give people big tips and they give me shitty service That's what to be happy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You can give them a little happiness.
And maybe they'll be nicer to the next people and use the butterfly effect.
Well, it's only not working for the planet right now.
Let's face it.
We're all right.
I think the problem is we're inundated with bad news constantly.
Yeah.
That's the real problem.
And then, you know, there's also like the problems in cities.
Yeah.
Well, everywhere.
I mean, you know, you just did a special, by the way, about, it's releasing tomorrow.
It's about, I did it in front of a psychiatrist's convention.
[7:00] Did you really?
Yeah.
Wow.
I just did it.
And I found I saw it out of psychiatrist convention and went there and said Hey, would you guys let me go on just do my shoot my special in front of you?
They said sure so I did a whole thing then they analyzed me afterwards and it was funny What what room was it at?
It was a boring room like one of those convey You know it was like a Washington DC, some hotel off the beaten path, where they were just having to convention.
And they did not plan on you being there.
No.
And so you knew they were gonna be there at that time.
Yeah.
And you coordinated with them, set up cameras the whole deal.
Did you inform them before, like the psychiatrists beforehand?
They were gonna be a part of a comedy special.
Well, they were, they were welcome to come to the show and not, but yeah, we told them before, you know, if you come, you might be on film, but yeah, they didn't have to show up.
Obviously, here for them probably showed up, but it was, it was a great idea.
That's a great idea.
Yeah, I think it was because it's about the world how we're having a psychotic break, or we're talking about the planet, so it was kind of fun for.
The whole specials built around it.
[8:05] It's so much more discussed.
The bad news is so much more discussed.
People's problems are so much more discussed.
Having problems is so much more a thing that people love to talk about now.
It makes you more interesting.
It gives you something to talk about.
And it's just so pervasive.
And I think social media has just broken people's brains.
Social media started as a fun ant kitchen where everybody was being positive and saying like, hey, you know, dance between the raindrops and then suddenly somebody was like, shut up bitch, you fat bitch.
Fuck you when the raindrops.
And it just unleashed all of us.
Yeah.
That's what I say.
It's like, you don unleashed that part of people.
And here's the other thing which I think you'll be interested in.
It's the first time in history you can threaten people and curse them out and not have to run or have a physical confrontation.
So fight-of-flight instinct is going to be eliminated from our genetics into generations.
[9:02] Yeah, not just that, but also you don't feel bad.
Like if you say something shitty to someone, you see the look on their face.
Even if you feel like you should have done it, when you're alone at night, you might be like, I didn't have to do that.
Why did I do that?
What a fucking asshole I am.
I gotta apologize.
Then you'll see him the next day, like I was out of line.
I'm sorry.
I was dealing with a lot of shit.
You know, my mom, my sister, my this, my not.
Sorry, I'm sorry.
But there's none of that.
You don't even know these people too.
You don't have to say, you can't just say the most evil mean shit, vicious shit.
Look through their pictures.
Look at you, you fat fuck and you're fucking toothless smile and.
And they used to have gossip magazines, like if celebrities in the 1950s, that's when they started to realize people love to read bad, scandalous stuff.
But now you get to respond.
You're like the writer and the reader of the gossip magazine.
You know what I do enjoy though, when people don't understand how it works, [10:01] and they'll post something and just get smashed in the comments, and then they'll start going back and forth to people in the comments like what are you doing?
Yeah.
What are you doing?
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Well, one of the biggest problems is people, this is one of many of them, trying to be funny that they've never had to, they've always thought they were kind of funny and then they go in and try to be funny.
And they get away with a couple because they have two people that go, hey, that was good.
They start to think I'm funny.
And then they get in there and people just start destroying them for trying to be funny.
Because they're not used to the heckling that way you still.
We got trained out of all our hack habits.
Mm-hmm.
Comedy trains you the audience trains you and being around and being one of the Comics what the fuck was that Regulation yeah, it does it does yeah, you get feedback.
Yeah feedback's important positive and negative It's all of the level.
Yeah, who gets more feedback than comics?
We get like real live feedback [11:02] Hundreds of people every night you Every night.
You got feedback last night.
Just last night.
You can't live in a theoretical world of like, I think this is funny.
I think this is good.
You're getting feedback.
Yeah.
You know.
It's fun though.
Don't you still enjoy it?
It's the best.
It's the only honest reaction you could get in today.
There's nothing virtual about it.
The most honest form of entertainment because you write it, you perform it, you produce it, you edit it.
I was saying how easy doing sitcoms was when I first started doing sitcoms.
I go there great writers.
They write you great jokes.
You don't even have to work hard.
I was talking about how bad my acts suffered during those days because when I was first on a sitcom in 94 we were working like 12 hours a day.
News radio.
It was long, long, long days.
It's by the end of day I'm exhausted.
So if I did go up it was just the same old material which is rehab.
I wasn't connected to it anymore.
I was like flat.
[12:01] You know.
And because when they're writing for you, it's so much easier.
Like the jokes are already there.
All you have to do is like add your little sauce to them.
It's great.
It's gonna flare them up a little bit.
I know, I guess so jealous of the idea of like the old days comedians would just have writers.
Oh yeah.
Like what do you got for me?
We gotta go out and think of this stuff.
A few people still do that, right?
A few of you guys do.
Like I know obviously the guys who host talk shows do.
Yeah.
You know, you can't write a new monologue every day.
You'd be out of your mind or you'd be out of your mind.
I did on Tough Crowd.
You wrote that every moment?
No, I'm not saying most of them didn't bomb, but I did write them all myself.
No shit the best part of it was you warming up the crowd.
I was like, why don't they show this?
This is funnier than the rest of the whole show.
It was so good.
That's, it's so good.
It was fun and that crowd was crazy.
They would come like a lot.
Well, I was living in California at the time and I just like sometimes I forget.
Sometimes you know, sometimes you haven't seen a guy in a while and you're like, God damn, I forgot how funny it comes.
Right, right, right.
You know, you just, you need to see it.
You need to see them live.
[13:06] You do, you need to go out and see it.
Yeah, just get in your head.
It's the best thing.
I mean, I've been doing it for so long, but I still love it.
I love it.
I love crowds.
I love watching it.
two is you can't, if you don't, it's like working out.
If you don't do it, you just get flabby in that shape.
Yeah, that's it.
No offense or about the ballot.
When I take it, like, time off, I go on vacation for like 10 days, I have one really good set when I come back because I'm enthusiastic.
Yeah.
The second set is like a little fucking shaky.
I'm like, what's going on with this?
And that's great.
That's a horror, but that's the best part about it.
It's just reality.
Everybody that steps away from a too long, they talk in this term where they're like, oh, you gotta do a reality.
I'm mediocre when I get on stage.
I'm gonna be mediocre tonight, even though I don't wanna be.
And I'm like, hey, I really figured this out.
And guess what, I didn't figure it out.
And I cried just to just let you know.
That's the beauty.
How much time did you take off during COVID?
I did a few shows.
[14:06] I mean, I did some shows that were like on, I did remote shows, which I loved remote comedy.
Really?
I loved it.
Like Zoom comedy?
Zoom comedy.
Do you love it?
I loved it.
Did the only guy I've talked to, everybody else said it was hell.
Because I just read, they think I'm looking at them.
I'm reading my act.
So any new material was memorized immediately.
Oh, it's crazy.
Every new joke.
Did she get a teleprompter?
What's that?
Maybe she got a teleprompter.
I've tried teleprompters, yeah.
Yeah?
I wish I could bring them all the time, yeah.
You tried it on stage?
I love teleprompters.
No shit.
Yes, telepomper is the greatest because the worst feeling is when you get back to the green room, you're like, fuck that tagline.
I forgot the tagline.
Yeah, or even the intro line.
So you're like, of course it bombed.
I didn't even explain what I was going to talk about.
I love it.
Yeah, telepomper is great.
I'm, but I've used telepropters on shows when I did like one made shows in New York and [15:12] And you can't memorize the telepropter you get lazy mentally lazy you can't then you go on the road and you're like You think you say it every night you memorize it you can't it's an interesting psychological thing I know some guys who lay out sheets of paper on the floor Yeah, yeah with like bullet points.
I've tried that Yeah, it doesn't really work that well.
It's weird.
You know the lights are weird Yeah, but you can't even see them Do you go on stage with glasses on no, this is that would help this is one of the first times I've been glasses in public so really I hope the crowd well I wanted people to take me seriously doing the interview And it's kind of a vibe.
It's a vibe.
It's hot on chicks.
Yeah.
I agree.
A girl doesn't see that good for whatever reason.
Whatever reason.
They just seem smarter.
Hey, whatever reason.
Yeah, there's something intense.
[16:00] That only became in the 70s.
That like a fairly gross at glasses.
Girls are glasses are hotter.
Yeah, they had the whole new glasses.
I'll tell you, certain people just look great in sunglasses.
The first person I noticed as a kid, one of your idols, Bruce Lee, I go, that guy looks bad at acid sunglasses.
And he had like, they wore it completely dark.
They were like mix.
That looks cool.
Yeah, he was a cool motherfucker.
He was a cool motherfucker.
Yeah, I thought he'd changed the world.
Unbelievable.
Nobody thought about doing karate before Bruce Lee.
Nobody cared.
Well, even when he was on the green horn, and I'm old enough, I was there for the green horn of days, and you know, I can't, that's kind of cool, but you didn't think about it.
But the minute those first came out.
I saw a Chinese connection.
It was called Fisafuri.
They changed the titles now, but with Chinese connection, it was the first one.
And Fisafuri and then entered the dragon.
Yeah.
Those are the three big ones.
And there was the first time we ever saw somebody with abs.
Yes.
They're like, whoa.
Yes.
Who is that look?
[17:00] Yes.
How cool does it looked to be ripped.
Yeah, look at that.
Wow.
Look at that.
Come on.
I mean, I hate to say but my profile pic when I was 19 I basically have the same physique.
I don't care what anyone says.
It kind of looks like a twink today though.
Yeah, he does.
Well, because nobody lifted weights in those days, you know.
Yeah.
But he was he was the king.
Look at the abs on them on the fucker.
Jesus Christ.
Today, he'd be accused of having fake abs.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's a badass.
Hmm.
Bruce Lee Gold Medal sunglasses.
Oh, you can buy them.
Oh.
Yeah, but I don't think those are the ones I'm thinking about.
No.
That one in that photo was pretty fucking cool.
No, it wasn't these.
It was some of the look where he just was casually wearing sunglasses.
What cool, dude.
Yeah, he was a badass.
He was a real superstar.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Yeah, it transcended.
Yeah.
And it also was happening during that weird time, the weird time and life in the 70s.
After Vietnam was really winding down, it was almost done.
Now we're back to 1968.
Yeah, we're right there right now.
[18:00] We're in 1968 right now.
We're waiting for Kent State to jump off.
You've seen these fucking protests that are happening in colleges?
Yeah.
First of all, these kids are all wearing masks.
They're outside, they're protesting, and they're all wearing masks.
I say that it's like the Democrats' MAGA hat.
That's what the mask is.
Isn't it?
Nice.
You let everybody know.
You let everybody know that you're a part of the clan, that you're on the good side.
Yeah.
I'm masking, I'm masking for your safety.
Yeah.
They're just bizarre human beings coming out of colleges today.
Well, I really brainwashed.
Yeah.
Well, I say this way, it's 20%, let's say 20% of them are just 20% of them are kids that were raised to hate the West.
Everything in the West is bad.
Their brainwashed, which is really the whole curriculum, is 20% of that.
Then I'd say 20% are kids that are the kids that feel like they want to be like what I was in college.
[19:10] Like when I was in college, remember this is happening during finals week.
So 20% of finals protestors, if somebody came up to me when I was in college and said, listen, next week is finals, you know you're going to fail.
How about this?
We're going to give you some money from this George Soros Fender is a Venmo thing.
Just we're gonna give you money, you stand outside and you block the other, not only do you not have to take your finals, you're gonna block the kids that are gonna make you look bad and pass their finals.
You're gonna block them from coming to class.
I would say give me the scarf.
I'll put it on right now.
Then you got 20% kids are gonna be, they're like the ones that appear pressured by their roommates.
Because if you're roommates with people in college, they know you're scheduled.
So they go, hey, we're gonna go protest genocide.
You can't say, I'm gonna go to the bar.
[20:01] So half these kids are like, God damn it.
Now I gotta go out to the park.
So I have these kids like, God damn it.
Now I gotta go out to the protestor.
I look bad in front of all my roommates.
Have you ever seen when they get interviewed?
The Constantine Kissin from Trigonometry.
He went to the protest and he was just asking them, like what the river to the sea?
What does that mean to you?
Like asking questions.
Yeah.
What do you think should happen?
Like what is what do you think the history of Palestine?
That's like yeah and now they're literally they're literally praying they're praying to mecanon Did you see all the footage of them?
Oh wonderful.
They're bowies like I am objectively like gonna put a fat to on my mother.
I just want to come out publicly and say China.
Russia you guys won.
You won.
Yeah.
You got our kids.
You got the kids.
You got a lot of them.
You got more of them than you didn't get.
No, they don't want them.
Listen, China, China that teaches kids computer engineering, law schools are teaching like, you know, state sanctioned violence in Shakespeare of Sonnets and, you know.
[21:01] Guys with fake eyelashes reading the toddlers.
Yeah, that's what it is.
That's what TikTok is.
Our TikTok's a disaster.
Yeah, they're smart.
I mean, they got us.
They got us.
They won.
They won the ideological battle.
They've destroyed our universities.
Yeah.
They've destroyed our faith system.
They didn't.
Yeah, but they did.
They infiltrated the this.
Well, they did it was go like this.
You ever see Yuri Besmanoff talk about it?
He's a defector from the KGB.
He talked about it in a famous interview from 1984.
We talk about it way too much.
So I'm sorry if you're hearing this again, folks.
But he basically laid out exactly what was going to happen to America in 1964.
And he was saying that Marxism and Leninist ideas have been infiltrated all the universities with these ideas.
They're teaching them the children and you have like two generations from now you're going to be fucked.
Well yeah, I'm saying it started long before any of this China, but they didn't say it.
[22:00] He said Russia did it.
So Russia was doing it.
They're actively subverting our education system.
But I feel like the idea of this kind of thing started long before, you know, before, I mean, it's been around a long time because people like, hey, it sounds fair, like equality sounds fair.
Right.
So then they slowly started bringing in and people, the general narrative is if you say, if I say to you right now, I just say it anyway, I think America's a great country.
People go, oh my god, you hear this psychopath?
Well, you're a nitty-nitty.
He's the dumbest person I ever met.
So I'm saying, if you start from the premise that America is evil, which is basically the premise today, and everything we do is, you know, based on oppression and violence, then anybody that goes against that, there's something evil about it.
Yes.
So I don't think that was Russian in China doing that.
I think that was us doing it.
I think Russian Chinese affords that, particularly Russia.
I think they just agreed, [23:03] they were, well, useful idiots and all that stuff they used to talk about.
Yeah, but I think they just agreed that they were well useful at it and all that stuff they just talked about.
Yeah, but I think they didn't I didn't think they had far to go.
I don't think you could do it unless people wanted to go along with that.
Well, it's also a situation where your universities are almost entirely dedicated towards one ideology.
That's right.
You don't have any like there's clearly over history.
Regardless of what you think about right-wing people, clearly over history there have been brilliant conservative people.
And should not address that and to not have those people talk and to only allow liberal people to talk or progressive people to talk, you're going to get a distorted world view.
And that's what kids are getting.
That's well, I mean, even just the fact that Russia and China didn't force them to stop people from speaking at these places.
You know what I mean?
That's what's been going on for whatever amount of years.
And you'll like me, you know, some right-wing guy, or, you know what I mean?
But you've been pushed into a category that people are saying, you're this kind of guy, [24:01] because there's so far to the left and so stringent ideologically that if you fluctuate you're out of the loop and that's a cult.
It is a cult.
But it's one of the beauties, one of the beautiful things about America is the amount of freedom we have of expression.
And when you have that and you have 330 million people, you're going to have a certain percentage of people that are just off the rails in saying, and if those people are rabid about it and excited about it, a lot of people find that attractive.
Just like a lot of people find Islam attractive, and they don't just find it attractive because of the discipline and the tenants and all the different things that seem to resonate with some people, they find it attractive because those people are all in.
And you want to be on a group that's all in.
Like if I leave, they'll kill me.
That's right.
They kill you if you leave, but you can join.
You can join, they'll take you in as a brother.
Ooh, I want to join.
And then people just, it becomes attractive to them.
Because moderates are considered pussy, I took about this all the time.
Moderates are considered, all you can a bland guy in dockers with his god damn you know with his dad bod and nobody's [25:06] interested in moderates fence sitters fence sitters I say even even superman you've got lowest lane she sees clock can't nice guys like hey lowest one I've done is she's like yeah just in a clock no I'm sorry and then Superman who shows up two hours a week who's an extreme is just break shit and she's like So I'm saying we our whole culture is built around extremists right like Do the hero in the movie walks away after blowing up a hydro electric day He's never they got a troubleshoots the hydro electric dam.
That should be the hero in every movie I mean I'm being Clark Kent and you got to deal with this lady just constantly talking up, super man.
And talking down to you.
And you're like, bitch, you don't know shit.
Yes.
And you just gotta sit there and take it because you just can't spill the beans.
You want to say, hey, fucking dummy.
You want to just take the glass off.
Are you stupid?
[26:00] Yeah.
On the same guy, but just wearing glasses.
I'm just, I tricked you with glasses.
I catfished you.
Clock noticed that I felt like a fucking linebacker.
You didn't notice that I look like a giant super person?
Yeah.
Oh, I just have glasses on, so now I'm a loser.
Well, because you never slept with them, that's why she didn't notice.
Right.
Because she was like clock layoff.
You think clock would like show off like every now and then like pick something up, you shouldn't be able to pick up?
Yeah, but you didn't know.
Clocks and Ensel.
Yeah, he has Ensel.
And Angry Ensel.
A handsome, angry football quarterback looking insult.
Yeah, yeah, he's an insult.
Just to the glasses.
Isn't that funny?
Like that was the only disguise he had was glasses.
It's the dumbest fucking disguise in all of comic books.
At least Batman, like maybe he had a weird face, like if he had like a cleft pal, he'd like, hey buddy.
I fucking, I know who you are, but no, you know, you just see the little, the little face part and the rest of the face is covered like, okay, hides his voice, I'm Batman.
Okay, okay maybe.
Wait, it's superman?
Yeah, it's fucking stupid.
It is stupid.
But speaking of Bruce Lee, the green hornet had a mask, [27:09] but then Kato was Bruce Lee.
We didn't realize, by the way, here's a stupid sitcom I'm watching as a little kid.
We didn't realize there's a lifetime legend playing the sidekick.
Yeah.
How many times does that happen in life?
And, but even then, but he wore this little show for his outfit Mm-hmm.
I remember correctly.
Yep, Bruce Lee were like a he was like this sidekick.
Yeah, but he was but even then you could see a stalk What like even as the sidekick the two-seeing like this guy said badass?
Yeah, I was like five years old six years old.
I'm like look at this.
You know, he was supposed to be in that TV show kung fu Really yeah, he was supposed to be in that TV show Kung Fu.
Really?
Yeah, I was supposed to be about him.
Well, it wasn't supposed to be David Cariday.
And why did he say no?
They didn't want to have a Chinese guy on TV.
That's insane.
No, wow.
And they picked David Cariday.
Yeah, but it worked.
Crazy thing with David Cariday.
It didn't work.
I love that show.
I always love that show.
Yeah, it was great show.
Because every episode, every episode, there was, [28:07] well, though, let's face it, that was when you really look at it, it was kind of a walk show.
A little bit.
Every week, it was intolerance and the David Carrot, the Arritorian would come and save the day.
You know what I mean?
Kick some ass.
He always had to I was terrible.
It was nontense.
It was totally unbelievable.
But the way he was doing it was like, if you didn't know any better, you're like, oh yeah, he's got magic.
But if Bruce Lee had done that, he would have broke, not the internet, but he would have broke TV at White O'Leary.
Oh yeah.
That would have been the best show of all of that.
Wheel kick in people and jumping side kick in people on It would have changed everything but the movies changed everything.
I mean he broke through just because he was undeniable Oh, yeah, we Was supposed to be him they opened it.
I'll tell you all the karate studios Jerome Mackie These were all the karate these were big karate guys back when I was a kid like karate teachers Mm-hmm all he opened thousands of karate studios of other country Bruce Lee alone [29:04] Absolutely, yeah, It became a thing.
Bruce Lee and then Chuck Norris was how I got into martial arts.
Yeah.
Chuck Norris fighting him.
John Claude Van Damme watching those movies.
How about this name?
Bill Wallace?
You have a hearing him?
Superfoot.
Yeah, it was a great kickbox.
And it was a guy named Joe Lewis.
Yeah, Joe Lewis.
Heavyweight champion.
Not in boxing, but in kickbox.
That's right, white guy.
Yeah, yeah.
There was a bunch of great fights.
Jim Callie was a great fighting.
He was a pretty good movie still.
Did you ever do karate or just follow it?
I, I mean, I did a couple of classes, but I was, you know, it's crazy that you know about all those guys, like Joe Lewis, how about Benny or Keedas, My favorite jet, of course.
Yeah.
Well, because when I always tell this, but when I was a kid, the trains were so dangerous in New York, like, I mean, it was, say, this is nothing now compared to when I was going up.
But what I would do is instead of taking karate, I used to buy karate magazine, and I'd stand on the train with my legs [30:01] that's sprayed like this, and stand, and read my karate magazine.
Good move.
Who's gonna read a karate magazine unless he's a karate?
Then I ran into, oh, do you know, Oh, and Smith is a comedian?
Yes.
From Baltimore.
I somehow mentioned that story one night to him and he goes, he goes, I took you one better.
He goes, I bought a karate trophy and he used to walk around the streets holding my karate trophy.
And there's the walk around the streets holding my karate trophy.
That's hilarious.
That's hilarious.
So while you were studying martial arts seriously, just remember there's a whole bunch of lazy pricks that but magazines and trophies just so we were like stolen valor.
You gotta watch the loss.
People find a work around.
Yeah, there's a lot of dudes walked around with Kung Fu outfits on.
Yes.
Yes.
With the slippers, the whole black Kung Fu outfit, the white collar.
Absolutely.
To this day, they still do.
And to this day, I'm still like, oh, I don't know if I'm a f***ing that guy.
Yeah.
I used to go watch them practice in the park and they were faking martial arts.
It was made up stuff.
They were doing made up things.
[31:06] What do you mean?
The moves are nonsense.
It was made up.
And you knew they were made up.
100%.
Yeah, 100%.
They were doing stuff that just, there's no history of this.
It's like, I don't study Kung Fu, but I understand it.
I know it.
I know what it looks like.
I've watched it thousands of videos on it.
I've seen classes.
I know what Kung Fu is.
You're not doing Kung Fu.
You're fucking, you're doing some shit.
You think looks like Kung Fu and you're telling people that you're a master and you're practicing the parking.
You got a bunch of other dumb people that have fallen you.
And there's a lot of that out there.
There was a lot of fake martial arts guys who pretended they had like some touch of death.
Yes, and their students were like hypnotized They were like in a cult.
Yeah, touch their students their students will follow the ground They're still out there.
There's there's a there's a there's a Instagram page McDow Joe life McDow Joe life just highlights all these fake martial artists because McDow Joe was like those [32:01] Extrip mall.
Yeah, which some of them are really good.
Yeah, you know, this is like the thing.
It's on the teacher.
But this idea of like a death touch that people had like some secret powers.
It's the dream, yeah.
I told you I took six Juneau lessons and I was like, can I should say before the martial arts craze, I took, and I really wish I would have stuck with judo, but in those days, like there was no like padding.
So, you were kind of clustered the worst headache of all time.
I thought you were getting brain damage.
Yeah, you get brain damage.
You're getting brain damage in regular judo.
100%.
100%.
judo's bad.
You get brain damage.
It's amazing.
It's amazing martial art.
But you get brain damage from Rhine and Jetsky.
You do?
Yeah, my friend Mark Gordon, he's specialized in traumatic brain injuries.
He's a doctor and he works with a lot of veterans, football players, fighters and stuff.
He's like, everything that hits your head is bad.
Like soccer, guys get CTE, chronic traumatic encephalopathy.
The things that boxers get and football players get [33:01] and MMA fighters get, soccer players get it from hitting it with their head but how do you get it from a jet ski the bouncing just the bouncing then how come they don't supposed to go on those gymnastic whatever that's cool they said it's helped trampolines yeah trampoline yeah yeah I don't think it's like jolting because that's kind of like catching you and lifting you up and catching you and lifting you up.
That's a different thing than boom, boom, boom.
It's the heavy duty shaking, head banging, like Angus from ACDC, gotta have brain damage.
There's no way he doesn't.
There's no way he doesn't.
That dude has to be gone.
I mean, flip, flip.
But who the hell goes on a jet ski more than like once a year?
Let's think about that.
Um, some Jetski people that really love them.
Jetski's are fun.
Yeah, I love Jetski.
I love it.
It's fun.
But if you bounce around on waves, you're getting brain damage.
That's how delicate the brain is.
The brain is not meant to be jostled around.
And guys get concussions for getting hit in the chest.
and you get a concussion.
It happens all the time.
You don't have to get hit in the head [34:06] to get a concussion.
Well, yeah, yeah, but that's why I, it's a good thing I stopped judo because everything in a horrible headache.
I was a little kid, need a beer.
Also these guys crash.
Oh my God.
Well, that's different.
That's ski jumping.
I know, but this is what I'm saying.
The article on skiing was bringing up.
Oh my god, this is insane.
That dude hit hard.
How hard they hit.
Oh, it must be nuts.
They're going third.
It's like a, so this is a water skiing tournament.
That what that is?
That's what that was.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You have this second article about water skiers getting CTE.
Oh yeah, have to.
Dolphins have CTE.
I bet they don't.
I bet they glide right into that one.
Everybody always says how smart they are.
I'm like, yeah, they seem really intelligent sometimes.
You're dismissing the intelligence of dolphins?
Yeah, when anybody bounces a beach ball on their nose, and that's there, they're the valedictorian of the animal kingdom, that's it.
I think you have to do that if you're know, it was too.
That's the problem.
The problems were so evil, we'll take intelligent things [35:06] and lock them in a swimming pool.
If we can't understand their language, they're like, what?
What?
I don't know what it's saying.
Do you want a fish or not?
Here's the ball, motherfucker.
That's what it is.
Out in the wild though, they're awesome.
They play with you.
They come hang out.
They go by your boat, they jump, and they literally want you to see them.
They play with people.
You can swim with them.
They'll save you from sharks.
If sharks come by, they'll fight the sharks off.
They save people from sharks all the time.
They have a cerebral cortex that's 40% larger than a human beings.
What?
Yeah, 40%.
They have dialects?
They have different dialects.
Like you talk like you're from New York.
Yeah.
You know, I have like a little bit of Boston, a little bit of California, and they're like, I'll fuck that.
If you, they can tell from dolphins listening to their vocal patterns where they're from.
Now, wait a minute.
[36:01] But they can't decipher it yet, but they're hoping they can do that through AI.
First of all, if you don't have a routine about dolphins accents, you're crazy.
I think I'll steal it if you don't have.
I had a bit about dolphins about taking, it's true story.
It's a true story.
I got on very high edibles with my daughter when we went fishing and these dolphins came by the boats and they were jumping up the air.
And then I had this crazy thought that what if the concept of me, like when you think of yourself as, you know, you refer to yourself, me, you're thinking of yourself living in this world with these genes in this city and this street, but the thought of me, like what if me to me is the same as me to Adolfan?
And then I thought like what if that's the same with all human beings?
Everybody's just experiencing life through different biological circumstances, different life experiences, but what if me is the same in every single human being, just dealing with different problems?
[37:00] No, what is that mean?
I don't even understand what you're saying.
What I'm saying is that when you think of yourself, when you think Conquind, like, when you think like, oh, I'm looking at the world, this is me.
Right.
That energy of what me is, this is how high I was.
I was on like 200 milligrams of pot edible, on a boat in the middle of the ocean, and Hawaii, just amazing experience.
But I was thinking the car like when the dolphins would jump up they would look at you They look you in the eye and you see that they're intelligent right and I was thinking like what if I Lived his life.
I would be him and what if I lived my life He would be me right and then what I think of as me is just me Stumbling into a bunch of experiences with very particular genetics, a very particular like life lessons that I'm carrying around.
And I think that's me.
But if the energy of me, the very core of it is exactly the same in everybody.
We're just experiencing life through different circumstances, but it's the same thing.
That's God.
Yeah.
What about the, [38:01] you know, I was thinking about when I was thinking about the home martial arts thing too, was when you think about dolphins fighting sharks or saving people from sharks, that's almost a martial art too.
Oh yeah.
Well, you ever see what killer whales do to sharks?
No.
Ooh, there's this video of this mother killer whale.
They make it doesn't count.
Oh yeah, they fuck everybody up.
There's this video of this, by the way, they save people too.
And the only time they've ever killed people is in swimming pools.
They save people all the time.
Killer whales save people that fall in the water, they save them, they eat everything.
They kill dolphins, they kill whales, they kill everybody, but they don't kill people.
We kill them, but they don't kill us.
It's the only time they've ever killed people on record.
I mean, there's probably been a few circumstances where people were cut were cunts.
Killer whale killed something.
It was coming to some asshole tried to harpoon their sister.
Sure.
I'm sure that happened.
But the point is that killer whales don't actively target people when it'd be really fucking easy to do.
So check this killer whale, fuck this shark up.
So she's out there with her, look at this, boom!
[39:00] Wow.
She's out there with her cubs and she just puts the fucking clamp down on this great white Oh, she's a wild, but that's it also makes you realize how big killer sharks are or killer whales Well, yeah, look at that boom.
Yeah, I Mean I just saw something the other day of the killer whale around a boat some little boat and it was just You can tell the guys like oh God, it's over for me.
And then the whale didn't bother him, like you said.
Yes, they generally, just check them out and they'll fuck with you.
And I think you can kind of talk to them.
I think if you, I think they understand, if you're like, hey, you're cool.
Like, you know, if you're polishing up a big metal spear with a rope on the end of it, then they might get a little angry.
They'll probably fuck you up.
I bet that if I bet if there have been people dying because is this the guy?
Look at that little boat.
Debra.
Oh, he got bumped.
Oh my god.
Oh, it's right under here.
Wow.
[40:01] Whoa.
You guys getting this?
Yes.
Let's get out of here By the way, but that was a gentle bump.
That was nothing.
No, this was something else But how about that is that not the battle cry of today you guys getting this?
Yes, it is Think anyway get the Graham we got to get it on the ground you guys getting this do you even have Instagram?
Yeah, you do sure Do you make reels?
Do you ever make positive?
Hey guys?
Yeah, you do sure do you make reals?
Do you ever make positive?
Hey guys, you can really do it push through it Well, I kind of ironically as you know, I've been doing that for years I'm kind of a soccer mom So you made it just to infuriate people that's my whole game But I do you know I've been doing this series called Block by Block on YouTube, which is with this guy, a homeless pamphlet, you know, him, Mike Lavin.
But we do- I don't know you're doing this.
Yeah, I have a bunch of episodes where I interview it's my little, you know, like the thing I care the most about by doing it, which is I interview people from different neighborhoods [41:02] that in New York that I know over the years, and then just get them to tell stories of the neighborhood.
So I was a friend from Hell's Kitchen, Mike's playing this, I didn't even know this was out there.
Yeah, yeah.
And it's my Steve Kelly.
One problem with really great comics, and I include you in there, because you guys are terrible at promoting things.
Yeah.
I know.
I'm saying.
Yeah.
I know.
I'm saying.
Yeah.
But it's also why the stuff you put out is so great because you're only thinking about the stuff.
You're not thinking about promoting the stuff, which is a totally different animal.
And we wouldn't know where we would only come here.
Where else would we go?
We don't know.
Well, doing it yourself, like doing your own promotion or like letting people, you know, like getting...
But I just so interviewed this one guy, Mike Spillane from Hell's Kitchen and their famous family where he's telling all the stories of the oil.
But one of the stories which you will like was him and my friend Robert who died, his cousin, they were in a bar like 1980s and mid down.
So Hell's Kitchen is connected to the theater and all the Madison [42:03] Square Garden.
So in a bar, some guy starts with makesplanes.
He hits him.
The guy's friend grabs Brian his neck.
It's Andre the Giant.
Oh my God.
They're in a fight without it.
Oh my God.
And he picks him up and flings him and it's like a whole famous story of them fighting and they're asking by Andre the Giant.
Oh my God.
And then the cops come and grab them outside and arrest them and the cop walks in, finds out what happens.
He's under it and just walks out and laughs.
He goes, let them go.
Don't worry about it.
So just finding different stories of different neighborhoods.
That's my little thing for you now.
Like what I like to do for Instagram when people weren't snitches.
That exactly right.
So that's all, I'm just talking to these people and finding out all the great stories from that happened today Andre would be all over the news people be angry at them.
Oh my god Everybody have an opinion on all those.
Yeah When this guy was telling the story I go so people must have been buying your drinks for months He goes at hell's kitchen that time two weeks and then there was some new story happening Because that wasn't even the story of the month.
What a great name for a neighborhood.
Hell's kitchen.
Yeah.
What a great name.
[43:05] Oh, yeah.
I mean, you kind of have to have to act crazy if you're there.
Yeah, they they they.
If you're gonna move to Hell's kitchen, that's a very specific mindset.
It well now, of course, it's different, but it was the most just imagine in neighborhood in the middle of Times Square when Times Square was Taxi Driver.
Mm-hmm.
So So the entity with all of that, the theaters, so they're all the stage hands were there.
All the teamsters were there.
There was a combination of everything, all the music studio, Lincoln Center on one side, all these, and the middle is all these crazy Irish guys, important weekends.
Yeah.
Just so, and so much music, and so much stuff came out of that area.
It's crazy really is when you really really wild wild it the center of the university school and for how long or twenty years uh...
like fifty sixty fifty fifty really it was that hot for that many years well hot in what what i mean what the interesting aspect of the interesting [44:04] aspect i think it was for forty get the interesting aspect of the interesting aspect that was 40 40 50 years I would say from 1950 to 2000 2000 what killed it?
Giuliani?
No, it just became well it became Times Square.
You told Times Square Times Square became Gentile.
Giuliani, yeah, gentrified it and and people started to corporatize the people.
Yeah, it's like it became Applebee's.
But it did.
It's disappointing, but at the same time, it was sold out in a more, it was very bad.
It was very bad when I first went there.
When I was living in Boston, I came to New York for a karate tournament, ironically, in like 82, 83, I think.
So I was in high school, so probably 83.
And I was like, this is nuts.
Like this place is fucking nuts.
It was nuts.
It was nuts.
It's like all peep shows and pimps and hookers.
Yes.
And just it looked black and white.
Like this, it was like in color.
Like everything looked black and white.
It looked dirty and seedy.
[45:01] And there was just junkies on the street.
Yeah.
And people with like long coats and people yelling at people.
And yo, this place is nuts.
Times Square was a place that everybody avoided.
That's right.
Somehow or another Times Square became a tourist trap.
Well, because of Giuliani, you ain't clean up the peep show.
There was a law, I guess, where you couldn't have, you had to have like 30% legitimate in your peep show.
There was some law that happened where they got rid of all the peep show.
Legitimate?
What does that mean?
30% like a regular store.
Like you couldn't just have one.
Some of us go along, I don't know what it looks.
So Joey Dorosis there, but that's big thing that they did do.
They had to have a legitimate thing and then to point in the back or something.
Oh god.
And that was in the mid-90s and I got cleaned.
Well they used to have the triple X movie theaters.
That's right.
You know, you wanna talk about the lowest class of human being that you could possibly encounter in public.
Yeah.
Guys going to jerk off in a room with other guys jerking off, watching a movie.
Yeah.
Of course.
[46:01] Just the most degenerate humans available.
And it's in Times Square too.
It was all over the place.
No, no, the whole country had those.
Oh yeah.
Every city had, Times Square just had 50 of them.
Well the craziest thing is because I want is, the crazy story is deep throat.
Yeah.
Because deep throat they were trying to turn it into, so the country was so naive back then.
Yep.
And porn, you didn't have VCRs, so you didn't, you did the idea of a porn addiction, seem ridiculous to people.
So what they did with Deep Throat is they made a cinematic movie that was a porn film, and all these stars went to go see it.
Like Johnny Carson was there, in line, they're interviewing them, where they're going to see a porn film.
Yeah.
And it's only like 1970 something 72 or something like that and Couples would go all over the country and go to these Sleazy theaters and watch deep throat wild.
Is that weren't even sleazy theaters?
These were regular theaters that showed deep throat [47:01] Yeah, is that crazy?
Crazy.
So it's that's like that's so interesting.
Like you think about how much porn like right now porn is what percentage of the internet Jamie is it 30 something percent?
It's like 30 something percent of all internet traffic.
All of it.
All of the world is porn.
That's crazy.
It didn't even exist before deep throat.
Now I get stag films that you would hear about.
Yeah, my brother-in-law was getting married.
Yes.
What does the stag party and they show the movie?
Yeah.
Like grainy movie or there's like sad, heroin addict fucking these guys.
Yeah, try it.
Yeah.
Whoa.
That was gross.
Yeah.
I'm not afraid.
I'm not afraid.
I know.
Exactly.
But it's so funny, because I remember, Diefdro was the big breakthrough.
First it was the devil and Miss Jones.
I was like 11 to 12.
And I remember we left, we didn't know what we were left.
And then next year, you know, we're like 18, 19.
We're going up Times Square at a point.
And, you know, we were right there, you just took the train, you were right there.
And, but it was so psychotic that, [48:07] and I actually knew, I knew a girl that ended up going into, like, working in those times where booths, and I'm sure a lot of people did, but it was really crazy to me that she was doing that, you know.
Wow, that is crazy.
That's a commitment.
Yeah, I mean, there's boots and guys that lifestyle.
Woof.
There's a judge in New York made it a $3 million fine for showing deep throat.
And it still exists.
It's never been overturned apparently.
Wow.
Whenever this article was written, all this is a 93, but.
Wow.
Movies and television have completely changed our outlook on the human form.
So he was 71 at the time when he was talking about this.
And so this is in the eve of his retirement in 91.
So he's probably in his 50s when that happens.
So he had grown his whole life, been a grown adult, and never had any interaction with porn.
And then he sees people going to see it in a theater.
[49:01] He's probably like, what the fuck is going on?
Yeah.
This is crazy.
Like you guys are watching people suck dicks with your friends.
Yeah.
This is weird.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was totally legitimate for a couple of years.
I don't know when it turned, but I remember when I went to college, they showed Deep Throttle one of these Debbie Dubs Dallas, one of these porn movies in like the student union.
What?
And guys and girls who all went to see it.
No way.
Yeah, it was totally, you know what I mean?
And it was crazy.
It's crazy.
And it were a couple of girls that like, this is anti-women and we're like, oh, relax, what are you making a big deal like?
We act like, oh, we're crazy.
Isn't that crazy?
It's crazy.
They like they showed it like a whole week.
I'll tell you another one.
What a week?
Yeah, like every night because so many people wanna go see I'll tell you another one.
One of the guest speakers.
Talk about college gigs.
Harry Reams was one of the guest speakers.
The porn star.
The porn star.
Famous like 1980s porn star.
[50:00] 70s, yeah.
70s?
Yeah, the big mustache, 70s,, 70s here the big mustache yeah, mustache.
Do you want to be like a giant real estate guy maybe but real estate I'd like to talk to him someday because this girl I knew I still have my money, but I'll leave it out and She drove him she goes yeah, I drove him back to the train station and I was like you don't need to drive him to the train station You can walk there.
She drove and I want to know what happened.
I want the full story after she's not gonna give it to you.
She lied to me.
She goes, nothing happened.
She got turned on.
She got turned on, but seeing that guy's dick.
She got turned on, and his heart liked his speech.
Also, it didn't, it wasn't like forbidden back then.
This is so hard for people to imagine.
Because like today, if you're watching porn on your phone and someone catches you, you have a deep shame.
Yes.
Oh, you call me watching porn.
Porn is a thing that people are ashamed that they consume.
But back then, that was not the case.
It was innocent.
In the weirdest sense, or people just didn't get it.
They didn't get it.
No.
[51:00] When I was a kid, VCRs were invented.
And one of the first things when they invented VCRs, is they start making dirty movies and putting them on VCRs.
And the porn industry just explodes.
It's all from people watching at home.
And you'd have to go through these fucking saloon doors.
Remember, or you'd push the beads aside.
It was always something you had to do.
You couldn't just go to the porn section.
You had to let everybody know, hey, you fucking pervert.
Make some noise, rattle those beads.
And then you walk in there and no one was looking at anybody.
Everybody's like, no, no in the porn, but that section is for perverts.
Yeah.
That was the thing.
Yeah, and it became a thing where people were in a baris spot.
It was weird.
And then slowly over time, it became embarrassing.
I think when it became an addiction thing, I think clearly when the internet came around [52:02] and people had instantaneous access to it.
Well, it's funny because as much as sex became more like, like I remember in comedy, we all had bits on Jerk and Off to porn when I in the 80s.
Right.
We all had bits in.
Yeah.
Which is hard to imagine.
Everyone's like, oh, huh.
Nobody gave it damn.
I mean, is that weird?
We all just talking about, hey, you obviously pulled because it was new, like you said.
And then suddenly people stopped talking about that because it was shameful.
I don't know what the, I guess it was, when it was, it's the addiction.
Yeah, I guess you're, when you're ashamed of something, you shouldn't be doing that something, almost always.
Right.
Which is the lie about the thing you're, right.
Right.
You know, like I had a friend and he was always trying to lose weight and one time we said, hey, me to set this bar is Ralphie May.
I said, yeah.
Cause he's done with us anymore.
I love Ralphie.
Great guy.
He was awesome.
And then Ralphie was like, it was like an hour and a half later, like where the fuck is Ralphie?
Like, when's he coming here?
And then finally he pulls up and the back of his car was just filled with fast food stuff.
[53:06] And he had like some story about why I could make it.
He went to a drive-through.
He had to.
He went through a drive-through and he bought bags of food and he just stuffed himself.
And he probably felt shitty about it and didn't want to talk about it.
Sure.
That's addiction.
Absolutely.
If you're watching porn on your phone all the time, you're like, do you watch porn your phone like now?
Oh, what's that?
Right.
It's because you're addicted.
Right.
You're ashamed.
Sure.
You're ashamed.
But like you said, 30% is crazy.
Crazy.
Is that what the number is?
Do we find out what the amount of traffic?
84 it says the golden age.
That's what that's what this I don't tell you why age well this all VCR is also so it's stopping you didn't have to go to the movie theater to see it you could watch that home well that was a great that was a that all 84s in the VCR came out wow around then that's like yeah so that makes sense because that was I was in high school but you make sense there was a great scene in boogie nights when Bert Reynolds is so disgusted that he has to do like amateur point, remember?
[54:08] Like he's just be a filmmaker.
Oh, right.
And then suddenly they're in the limo and he's going, okay, do that.
And then they remember he was like so horrified by it all.
I forgot, I forgot that movie.
That was a great movie.
Great movie.
And they said Bert Reynolds, you know, the director and all these people said, Bert Reynolds was so horrible.
He was so brilliant in it.
He didn't want to be in it from day one.
He hated everything about it.
Really?
And to his dying day, he hated it.
He wanted, he wanted, he fired his agent.
He hated it and he was so brilliant in it.
Well, Bert Reynolds, I'm a huge Bert Reynolds fan.
No, the greatest.
I love that guy.
He was so fun.
He made me believe that like a handsome man could be funny.
Yeah.
I never thought handsome people were funny.
Like the handsome guy was never cool.
The handsome guy was like cool but silent.
Like he wins a street fight.
So the Reynolds is like always smiling.
It's like I want to hang out with that guy.
[55:00] He was a party.
He'd go on the tonight show with a big laugh.
Yeah.
I mean, that giant laugh.
He was the first guy that I ever really saw that was like a really handsome man that was hilarious.
And he was best friend to the lot.
And he was the dog deliwess.
And they'd be incredible.
Well, how about when he did Jackie Gleason?
Jackie Gleason in him with smoking the bandin.
What a combination Jackie Gleason and Bert Reynolds wait the Jackie Gleason in that movie And I'll tell you who else because I remember when I saw a catty jack for first time and I was like a young kid And I'm like oh catty jack my heroes are winning Bill Murray Chevy chase all this cool guys even Rodney And I go and then they got this guy from a sitcom Ted night and then he steals the movie and the same thing I was Jackie Gleason and spoken to band.
Yeah these guys stole they were so good.
It's unbelievable.
Lisa was the fucking man.
Yeah.
Jackie Lisa was the man.
It was unbelievable.
He did serious acting too.
He's in the hustler.
Oh yeah, he was amazing.
He was great in the hustler.
Did you ever hear they said some reviewers, some famous back when reviewers were famous, because I just was long to live A and him did a movie together, [56:05] he goes, I just watched a movie with the greatest living actor and long to live A.
Jack English is so good.
He was awesome.
Best pool player to ever be a movie star by far.
Yeah.
He was like a real good pool player, like a professional level pool player.
Yeah, yeah.
You could see even the way he played.
Yeah, in the hustler.
He was making his own shots.
When Paul Newwood made his shots, he'd be like, oh, this is not real.
This is nonsense.
But when Jackie Gleason did, there's a fluidity to the way he moves around.
But now why would you remake the hustler?
Look, we all love Montenegro.
No one's gonna say make it That was the color money.
The color money was a separate book.
Well, it was a sequel, but it was the same author.
It left a bad taste in my mouth.
Really?
Yeah.
That was a great movie too.
It's a great movie too.
Very accurate too.
He did the flipping the pool queue.
That's a little nonsense.
People don't do that, but especially not with the ball of Bushka.
But what he was doing in the movie like portraying how people hustle and move around that was all real and it's by the same guy [57:07] It also wrote the Queens Gambit.
Did you ever see that show?
Yeah, great show amazing show amazing show about that girl who's a wizard chess player.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, that's the same guy Walter Tevis right Yeah, you wrote the hustler how like compelling is her face and her energy?
Oh yeah, you buy it all in whatever you just buy it.
Yeah, you buy all of it.
Yeah, you're really there with her.
She was awesome.
She's really good.
Yeah.
What does it mean?
Anna Joy.
What is her name?
I'll never know.
But the hall is a Anna Joy.
I like the fact that at least he bothered.
That's one thing about Tom Cruise.
He doesn't play games.
He's in the car of money.
He learns to do like, none chucks.
By the way, none chucks were big when I was a kid.
No chucks just came out.
Oh yeah.
When I was a kid and people would have no chucks, everybody would walk around with a black eye for like a long time [58:07] Yeah, I banged myself in the back of the head multiple times You did back in my head crack now when you did this karate tournament in the 80s in New York Mm-hmm.
Is it are you guys striking each other?
Yeah, wow and it's full contact like they call it Yeah, well the karate tournament that I went to in New York was what was called a point tournament and point tournaments were different than taiko and no tournaments in that There wasn't continuous action you'd hit the person and then they would stop and call a point So it's almost like this really high level game of tag Right wasn't really the thing that I did I did taiko and no tournaments primarily which will a continuous action and you would win by knockout a lot of times.
And so you basically just trying to kick this other dude in the face or in the chest as hard as possible and stop his body from working right.
That was my objective.
You was like the Kumite.
It was like that a little bit.
But in the Tagwondo tournaments, you couldn't punch to the face.
You could only kick to the face and kick to the body.
And then I transitioned from that into kickboxing.
But it was like, when I went to New York City, [59:07] we were trying to do anything.
We would try anything.
There wasn't that many tournaments.
So if there was no tight-won dough tournaments, we would enter into karate tournaments.
We were going, I thought probably, I probably fought a hundred times.
Wow.
Yeah.
And was there a time?
I imagine if I counted all the tournaments because oftentimes you'd fight three or four times in a day.
No kidding.
Yeah.
My last kickboxing fight was the third fight of the day.
I had three fights in one day.
I won the first two fights and I lost the last one.
Wow.
In a day.
That's crazy.
Imagine it.
It's good to be a kid, huh?
It was good to be stupid.
Yeah.
If I had a kid today and say, hey, you're not fighting again, you just get hit in the head.
And she, and she, and she come on, and roaches all the time.
No.
Yeah, well, I always came home from training and bruises.
Yeah, and from fighting, yeah, you get fucked up.
Yeah, you 20 times.
I had to get it fixed.
[1:00:06] I had to get the inside of it all cleaned up and it all calcified like a wrestler's ear.
You know, wrestlers get calc, you get smashed the nose enough.
What happens is the inside of your nose, all that tissue swells up and bleeds and then it gets broken and your septum gets twisted and blocks off and then you get like calcium deposits inside your nose Just like you get in your ears like a cave like a little like rock.
Yeah.
Well it's horrible I couldn't breathe at all.
I had a very nasal voice for a long time until I got it fixed that it was like 40 when I got it fixed Wow Because I got breaking it because I was like I'm just gonna keep breaking it It's's like what am I gonna do?
Like I broke it like three times when I was on news radio you did yeah I was breaking it Bisfarring or just rolling you accidentally get a knee to your face and then you nose Bleeding you're like well I broke it again.
I mean working out with like Benny the jet and those guys in the valley I actually started at the jet center when I first moved to Hollywood.
That was the first place I went to.
That's great.
There's two places I wanted to go to [1:01:05] when I went to Hollywood.
I wanted to go to the comedy store and I wanted to go to the Jets Center in Van Nies.
I found out about it.
It's the Jets Center.
Yeah, that's true.
And when I was there, Blinky Rodriguez, who was Benny's brother-in-law, fighter too, like a great, great kickboxer.
He had lost, I believe, a family member to gang violence.
I don't want to say exactly who it was, because I'm not sure if I remember, but I want to say a son to gang violence.
And then, if it's not that I apologize.
And then, so he offered free classes to gang members.
So he wanted to teach these gang members, like discipline, give them a sense of like community and give them structure give them something they can So I was taking kickboxing classes with gang bangers We side moved from New York and I came to LA I didn't have any friends and here I am in my Volkswagen Corrado pulling up to the jet center and Van Ayes and I'm taking kickbox in classes with gang bangers [1:02:08] Like this guy had this fucking tattoo on his back this homemade tattoo of the name of his gang It was like plot those and then underneath it.
It said fuck the rest.
I was like oh boy 1994 this back has his gang and then fuck the rest I was like yo What am I doing so I had a spar with these guys so sparring with these gang bangers and You could like they didn't know what they were doing like a lot of them right, but you couldn't I wouldn't hurt them I'm like I'm not gonna hurt this guy, you know, I'm just gonna like touch him a little bit Yeah, I'm just gonna like touch him a little bit.
And I'm just gonna like just give my heart for the foot in his face.
I'm not gonna hurt him.
I do not want to get shot in the parking lot.
I do not want to get stabbed.
You cannot humiliate one of these guys.
So you just move around, be defensive with eight swing punches.
Just work on blocks, work on moving, footwork.
Touch him a little bit, but there's no like going after him.
That's great.
[1:03:05] It was scary.
It was fucking scary.
These guys were murders.
It had been one of Ben and I.
There's a rough area.
It was super rough.
It was super rough.
And, but a lot of great kickboxers were there too.
It was also like Pete Sugarfoot Conningham was there.
And, you know, Blinky was there teaching classes, which was to me, it was like as a kid who grew up watching him on TV to be in their gym.
I was like, holy shit, this is crazy.
But then unfortunately, the earthquake fucked up the roof.
And when it rained, when the rainy season came, the whole building got destroyed.
The roof was all fucked up in the room.
Oh, you were there for the earthquake?
I was there right after the earthquake and then the rain came after that and their building was fucked.
So eventually, he opened up a place in North Hollywood and I went there for a while, but it was just Benny.
It was a smaller place.
I went to, I was at NLA during the earthquake during the 94th quake and I was staying in this like temporary housing place on, it was of course Northridge, but it was in like in Westwood district.
[1:04:08] And I wake up and I go, oh my god, I'm dreaming that my bed is flying across this entire room.
Oh my god.
My bed flew across the room.
And it was, it was scary, man.
Oh my god.
I mean, my bed was, well, my bed buildings were collapsed all around me.
People in the street, 5 a.m., and they're on the way at the whole city.
Oh my God.
The whole neighborhood, I mean.
I was only in a small earthquake.
I was in a 5.5, and I was in my apartment in North Hollywood, and it was like I was in a washing machine box or a refrigerator box, where it just had no stability.
Yeah.
Like the whole, I was like, what?
I thought an earthquake could be like, everything's shaking.
Yeah.
Everything moved.
Everything moved.
It just moved side to side.
And I remember thinking, oh shit.
It's like having vertigo.
But it was, I was just thinking, this is a baby one.
This is like a five.
Yeah.
So a seven is how many times greater than this?
[1:05:01] Holy shit.
Yeah.
It fucked up Northridge and Van Nies got fucked.
That was more than any place.
Another reason why I was glad I got out of LA in time.
I'm like, it's coming.
Well, if you guys think you got it bad now, all the shit in the streets and all the tents and wait till earthquake hits that mess.
Well, about two weeks ago, I was in New York and I go, what the hell was that?
Oh yeah.
And it was an earthquake.
Yeah, earthquake in New York.
It was crazy.
It was crazy.
That's so unusual.
Yeah, I never heard about it.
So this earthquake in Van Aes, I guess it fucked up the roof of that building and it condemned a lot of buildings.
It destroyed that whole area.
The Northridge's right next to Van Nijs.
Yeah, they just, it just, the police flooded.
There's a photo of you, Jamie.
Where it is.
There's a photo of me, like a black and white photo of me along from a long time ago throwing punches and it was taken at the Jet Center.
The original Jet Center?
Yeah.
[1:06:00] It's like 1994.
There's like this photo of me I would riped I was young and healthy back down great right yeah back in the old days that kid I had most of my hair.
Yeah Crazy right?
Yeah, that's it whoa At the jet center in Shit you like Sean Connery in 1995.
You like Sean Connery?
I don't know what's going on with my lips, but.
I was in the middle of throwing punches.
And you used to go there all the time, huh?
Yeah.
Yeah, and they had a photographer there one day.
And did you, when did you pass at the comedy store?
94.
You did, you passed right away?
No, like six months.
Mitty?
Yeah, Mitty gave me six months.
She didn't like that I was already on a TV show.
Oh, you were already on the show?
I was already on news radio.
She didn't like that.
Oh, that's why you went out to LA.
Yeah, I went out to the LA just for news radio.
I never had it.
I had no interest in acting.
Right, right.
I was purely being a prostitute.
I I just wanted to stand up.
Right.
And then I was like, okay, maybe this is my career now.
[1:07:07] Okay, maybe I'm acting now.
You know, and then I'm also doing this stuff.
And I was like, this is weird.
I had no acting classes before.
You didn't?
No, nothing.
I took, when I got a development deal with Disney, they made me get an acting coach.
So I did a couple of one on ones with this lady and I didn't like it.
It was a lot of weird ego stuff going on and she also wanted to be my mom in the show.
It was like there was a lot of weird stuff.
Oh yeah, of course.
But it's just like that world was not interesting in that world.
And it was like this is not, I'm just gonna do my best.
I'm just gonna do it the way I would do it, which is pretend, pretend this is actually happening, pretend I'm this dumb guy, pretend this is actually happening.
But I didn't know what I was doing.
Like I didn't know where Upstage was.
I was on television.
They were like, Joe, could you move like six inches upstage, which way's that?
[1:08:00] Like which way's Upstage?
like which is upstage, like it's flat.
I didn't know that old stages used to be slanted.
An upstage meant you moved backwards, which is kind of crazy.
Instead of saying would you step back, move upstage.
Like everybody's using these old timing terms for a slanted stage with a whole audience who seated there could see everything because they didn't in front of a live crowd.
But that must have been fun doing it in front of a live crowd.
It was fun.
It was fun when you got good lines, but you didn't really get to control like the first show that I did was terrible.
It was called Hardball.
That's what it came out to LA for.
I do remember.
It was a baseball show.
So that got canceled and then then I got lucky that I had a development deal with NBC right after that.
And I was gonna do my own show, but they said, hey, we got a part on this show that we're already gonna do, and we're gonna recast it.
And so it was originally Ray Romano.
I know.
Yeah, so Ray got fired.
Yes.
And then they replaced it with a guy, and that guy got fired.
And they replaced it with a guy.
Which made me feel better.
Cause at least I didn't take the job from Ray.
I took a job from some guy.
[1:09:05] Even if you did, Ray, obviously stunk and he just got what he deserved.
Well, it was the best thing that happened to him because then he went, oh, it was so good.
You know, but I love Ray.
And so it was weird.
It was weird, but it was okay because the other guy got the job first.
And then all of a sudden, I'm all Sunday on this fucking show with Phil Hartman and Andy Dick and Dave Foley.
I'm like, this is crazy.
I've been acting for all of like four months ever.
You know, I did one terrible TV show.
Yeah.
And you want two acting classes.
Hey, you want.
And how long were you doing stand up at that time?
Six years.
So it was good.
Yeah.
And in the game.
I was in the game, but I wasn't that good yet.
No, I'm like, it's had to be a work of a monster.
To the heart.
And I mean, Phil Harman's one of the legends of all time.
He was a sweetheart too.
What a great guy.
He was a great guy.
He was a genuinely interesting, weird guy.
Like, I don't know anybody like him.
I mean crazy?
They were his greatest?
Yeah, he was a brilliant artist.
[1:10:05] He was also a pilot when I bought my house in the valley.
He took me to these areas when it's plain.
Took me over to show me areas where he could move to.
He was living in Encino.
And I think I was still in Encino at the time too.
And I was like, I had had a stalker.
And so I really, I'm like, I gotta get a little further out.
You know, it's like, it's just two, people knowing where you live, things is just too weird.
I gotta go to a place that's more secure.
And so then when I moved out to the valley, Phil took me out there on his plane to show me areas.
When you're flying over these places you see all these trees and the hills and the mountains.
I was like, oh, this is beautiful.
I'm going to go here and just drive in.
That's way better.
It's great.
Yeah.
And you guys who in Bear Bank, we did it in a bunch of different places.
We did it at CVS Radford for a while.
That's the best location.
Sunset Gower.
We did it for the most.
I love it nearby.
Yeah, he's gone.
It is I think it is all of them gone [1:11:07] I think it is I know the one in the valley in Woodland Hills is gone That was a bomber man.
That was fun.
Oh that place was so good in the 90s I was just talking about LA in the 90s how you could drive around to Jeff and There was traffic was nothing now.
It, you can't move.
Yeah.
It's overpopulation cities makes it way more tense.
Yeah.
People were way more tense now than they were in the 90s.
It was like a way more relaxed city.
That's hard to believe.
Because everybody in their head is like LA's like, beep, beep, fuck you.
Yeah.
Everybody's doing coke and on their way to a business meeting.
Right.
Back then it was like, you could get to work in a half an hour.
Yeah, it wasn't that big deal.
Now it's the fucking, where I used to live in the valley, if I wanted to go to the comedy store.
The comedy store is 22 miles from my house.
It would take me 22-ish, I'm guessing.
But it would take me...
[1:12:02] Pshhh, hour, 10 minutes?
Hour and 10 minutes.
At, you know, it's seven o'clock.
Well, that day...
Now, if I try to leave it five, it's two hours.
I need two hours.
If I have a meeting in Hollywood at five, I have to leave my house by three or I'm fucked.
Oh, it's crazy.
It's crazy.
That's two hours to go two-two miles.
And that's normal.
And that ain't even Long Island.
How about people making it into the city in the daytime?
You ever get stuck in that mess?
You're gonna come up from the island and try going across the fucking bridge?
Oh Jesus Christ.
It's crazy.
You just wanna jump off the bridge.
And guys do it every day, just so they can have a lawn every day.
Every day.
Just like they have a lawn.
Yeah.
Just exhausted.
Well, so taxes, a little more.
I'm sure.
Taxes, but also you want a backhand.
I want a backhand.
And when Saturday comes along, I want to sit with a cup of coffee.
Right.
Fucking poor to see a deer mate.
That's right.
You know, let me fucking relax.
A little bit of relax.
Do I really have to be a part of that something about living in the concrete horse shit that some people love.
I love it, dude.
[1:13:05] I love it.
I love it.
You love the energy, right?
Just the old people around you.
I'm just happening.
I like to, yeah, I'm just so used to it, it's my whole, yeah, I mean, but I like L.A.
When I lived in L.A.
I loved L.A.
But I lived all over L.A.
But You know, and I like driving, but that's the thing in LA.
You just have to be in love with your car.
If you love your car, you love LA.
You don't love your car, you don't love your car.
That's a good point.
That's a good point.
And in LA, the problem is that if you're fucking around with like a Tesla with 30% power, you got 30% battery left, it's 3 PM, like, oh buddy.
you might be fucked.
You might be like really fucked.
Like you might be, your car might die on this road.
Oh, you're fucked.
Yeah, you're fucked.
You gotta drive two hours.
You gotta drive a San Diego, what?
Yeah.
You can't try this any.
No.
Well, it's gonna make it.
It's gotta be five hours.
[1:14:00] They say all the people that commute to LA now, like they just call pool, they are poppin' pool.
So they don't go home, they go to work Monday, they stay till Friday, then they go home.
That is so insane.
That's so insane.
They have to rent an apartment together.
I have to stop saying nice things about Austin.
Stop saying nice things about it?
Yeah, there's too many construction cranes.
It's too long for everybody to know.
It's just me and I.
But there's so many companies moved here.
Yeah.
There's just so much shit going on here.
So I don't want this to become like that.
Yeah.
I think there's something about Texas though that rebels that will always rebel.
And they realize how bad people fucked it up in California.
And hopefully the people that moved here realized how bad they've always been.
They've always had one foot out of the country, Texas.
Let's face it, they came in real late.
Reluctantly.
And they've been here reluctantly.
They got one foot out.
They're like, we don't need, we'll leave.
Well, when you know about the history of this country, [1:15:02] this land, this area, I mean, this is a brutal, brutal place.
Yeah.
You ever read the Empire of the Summer Moon?
No.
Oh my God, I get it to you.
You gotta read it.
It's incredible.
It's a history of this place.
It's the Comanche Indians and the history of the Texas rain.
It matches me, yeah.
I like that.
mean, clearly what the colonizers did, what the people moved here, what they did was horrible.
No one has ever denied that.
But if you don't know what the command cheese were doing to other Indians, if you don't know, oh my God, the rating parties will do.
Of course, they did some of the wildest shit.
They would start a bonfire.
And right before they threw the guy on the bonfire, they would hold him out by his arms and legs, hack off his arms and his legs while he's still alive and throw him on the fire to watch him squirm like a worm.
Unbelievable.
They would feed people, their friends.
[1:16:02] They would cut people to pieces in front of you.
They took, no one surrendered ever.
You always fought to the death.
Because if you were captured, you are 100% gonna get tortured and killed.
Tortured and killed.
Tortured and killed.
But now just because that's how they live.
For fun.
There was no prisoners of war.
There was no honor.
There was not in this European bullshit.
They were doing it old school.
Old school.
And that was the entire country, except for the agriculture.
There's a lot of people that accepted agriculture in the southeast and they were like calmer and not war bearing.
And they weren't even riding horses a lot.
The Comanches were the horse bearing ones.
They were the best with horses.
And they were the most fierce.
And they only ate meat so they could go for days without food unlike like some of the settlers, some of the people that were trying to make it across and some of the people that they fought.
What about you have been reading this book speaking of cruelty Jerusalem?
It's about the history of Jerusalem.
So the early Sieges and the same torture techniques but you know we gave it to me this guy.
[1:17:05] Kevin Fitzgerald.
Yes.
Communion, but he's a bodyguard.
Yeah, I just worked with him last week.
And he was telling me the stone stories.
He was bodyguard for 20 years for the stones.
He tells the greatest because he's very intelligent guy.
But he's a boxer that became a bodyguard for the stones and then moved on and started doing sand up.
And he's also got like, doctorates in veterinary medicine.
But he started telling me, do you ever hear this one about Mick Jagger, about the people in wheelchairs?
He's like, oh, keep this a cool guy.
Mick Jagger every day, every show for 20 years would take this guy Kevin, put on a hoodie, so nobody could recognize him.
Go up, cause in those days they put the wheelchairs in it.
If you want a wheelchair, they wouldn't let you be with your friends.
They'd put you in a separate wheelchair section in the balcony.
[1:18:00] Everybody in the wheelchair had to go.
Mick Jagger would go up with eight tracks T shirts Hand them out never told the press never made sure nobody knew about except this bodyguard and talk to all the people in Wheelchairs and give them T shirts and give me tracks for 20 years Wow, that's wild, but this guy tells a million stories.
You know, he's been bodygover 20 years Wow, he's got great stories.
That's cool.
How do we get to him?
We were just talking about.
Uh, Jerusalem and the Commandes and the...
Oh, Jerusalem and the Sohtorchah techniques.
So this book on Jerusalem, like what...
I've thought about it.
What is the name of it?
Jerusalem, a history or something.
I've thought about reading about it and I get anxiety.
I'm like, the book, not that particular book, but about Israel's book.
This book.
But this book goes back to the begot.
Yeah.
This book is really, I mean, I just saw, I've only read like the first couple of, that it's amazing.
This book.
That's the one.
It's crazy.
And every place.
[1:19:01] It's wild.
And it starts out out you're like oh my god.
It started on the most Bloody but somehow everybody knew it was significant even then like it was never this place that people weren't like They were always like no this is the place.
What do you think about that?
Do you think is that making any sense?
What is there is there a place that's more holy than other places?
You mean like Sedona?
Yeah, like Sedona is a good one.
That's the good one for hippies.
Yeah.
For hippies believes Sedona is like a sacred place.
Yeah.
Well, I always feel like they're saying, well, even when I was just at the gig, I was at the gig with Kevin Fitzgerald.
It was in, uh, where the shining is in Colorado.
Mm-hmm.
where they shot the shining that hotel.
Yeah, and so they go it's haunted and I'm talking to the kid that works Hey, and he goes listen, he goes I didn't believe any of this shit He goes I've worked here for two years.
It's real.
He goes Lucy.
They knew the names of the ghosts Lucy She's a redhead.
He goes I open the mirror when I'm here alone at one in the morning because it's kind of a really out of the way place, you know?
Yeah.
He goes this, he starts describing all these things that happened.
[1:20:06] You're like, oh God.
So I do believe this place is sure.
Yeah.
I think there's something to some of it.
There has to be.
Yeah.
What is it?
What does it mean?
They're willing to kill each other over one place.
Because they think God's coming to this one place.
Yeah, but it's it's so it's so important to them like how about you're gonna love this book Because this is exactly the point.
How about mecca?
How many Muslims travel to mecca?
Yeah, and you're you're you're absolved of your sins Yeah, you go to mecca you make the pilgrimage and they all go around and they're they're essentially walking around a meteor Yeah, it's a meteorite, right?
Is it?
Yeah, I think that's a center.
Isn't that what it's the center of that box in Mecca?
I think that's what it is.
Look at that.
I mean, also like how beautiful is that?
If you go there, you probably really believe.
Even, I mean, it probably, even if it wasn't true, [1:21:03] would have that effect on you.
Yeah, just like a logic Yeah, going through this incredible All these people the other people and everybody's peaceful and nobody's talking about Medina nobody's talking about anything Mecca and Medina and they always talk about mecca.
It's like spring steam and John Cougar That's the other one.
Yeah, the one So is it say there's a stone there?
the other one so is it say there's a stone there the stone building but isn't there a google meteor or meteorite it's where the uh...
it's where well mahamid first of the uh...
thing right i think there's there's something to the um...
okay there it is oh there it is.
Oh, there it is, yes!
Yeah.
The embedded Blackstone was a further symbol of this as a meteorite that had fallen from the sky and linked heaven and earth.
Yeah.
It's crazy that they got one spot.
[1:22:00] Like they'll fight over that spot.
You can't have that spot.
They do?
Oh, yeah.
Imagine if the United States wanted to put a military base over that spot.
You can't have that spot.
That's, oh yeah.
Imagine if like the United States wanted to put a military base on that spot, like no, you gotta take away your religious spot.
It's not real.
Now that would take away your spot.
That would be a real deal breaker.
That could be a deal breaker.
Oh, there's Medina right next to it.
They just spelled it different.
I keep thinking about.
That's a mecha that's Medina and Medina was cool too.
Wow.
Yeah.
They always say mecha and Medina.
Oh really?
I only heard mecha.
I know because people pray to mecha that don't pray to Medina but I think you leaders are Abadina.
Is it like Simon and Garfunkel?
Like one of them they just move for everybody where's Garfunkel?
He was like hey Garfunkel is great.
What happened?
He was great.
Oh what happened?
Yeah.
So these things Garfunkel.
Those things happen.
Although I'm sure they wouldn't [1:23:07] of all the people who be compared to them.
Don't think so.
I'm in a go off fucker.
What they want to be compared to if you don't I mean?
I know what you mean.
I do know what you mean.
They say can you name somebody else please?
But I wonder what is so specific about that area.
You know?
Yeah.
No, I think my hobby is there or something.
Yeah, and also the areas in Israel, these areas that are the wall.
Jerusalem book is really getting into it.
And I'm like, oh my God, just the early stuff that's happening.
There it is.
Okay, it's known as a site where the Prophet Muhammad received the command to change the direction of prayer to Mecca.
Oh, so that's where he learned it.
Ah.
Yeah.
It's a weird time for religion for sure.
[1:24:01] It's also a weird time for the Jews.
I've never seen more antisemitism, like openly, public and openly, then now.
Yeah.
Like just regular antisemitism.
Not even towards these particular Israelis that are bombing Gaza, right, just across the board, yes, if some 24 year old kid in New York is responsible for what's happening in Palestine.
Right.
Just because he has a star, David, on.
Yeah.
It's crazy.
It's crazy.
It's, the internet is also got a group, it's got a group hysteria, like a mob hysteria, two hundred percent.
And then people is just like, yeah, yeah, yeah, get out all your things on that.
A hundred percent.
People is just like, yeah, yeah, yeah, get out all your things on that.
100%.
That's exactly what it is.
And it's also a bunch of people that have been bullied and they've been marginalized and now they're a part of a team.
And they bully other people.
Absolutely.
It's an old hurt people hurt people, thank you.
It's absolutely.
There's suddenly you know what it feels like to be in a gang, [1:25:02] only you don't have to worry about physical repercussions.
Exactly.
And that's a good feeling.
Yeah.
Power.
Destroy.
You got power.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's wild.
It's changed our psychology completely.
Or ours a little bit, but the people who grew up on it have a whole different psychology.
They have a whole different mind than we do.
Yeah.
They do.
Yeah.
and there's also a lot of right really mentally ill people that are addicted Well, yeah, of course of course a big part of it right and you watch You watch them get more and more obsessed each that you watch them become More and more compulsive and more and more you see it happen over the years.
I've seen it.
Well, I know Yeah, they go they fall apart Yeah, but a few've been over the years, I've seen it.
People I've known.
Yeah, they fall apart.
I know, quite a few people that are really falling apart because of it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
If you ever thought about going to the flip phone?
A flip phone?
Yeah.
I don't even know if I had a flip phone back when they came out.
Disconnect.
Like David Tell, he's all flip phone.
He is.
Flip phone.
Yes.
When he texts, he had a text, when he was making a text in here, [1:26:06] it's like, do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do She goes, she was the producer, I guess, in the movie.
And she goes, and my husband who, he doesn't have a phone, never had a phone, never had a computer.
This guy does all these high tech things, he doesn't only compute or a phone.
Wow.
Is that weird?
It is weird.
Tucker Carlson doesn't have a computer either.
Wow.
Doesn't have a television.
I remember hearing in the 90s Quentin Tarantito wrote his scripts by hand like he never used even a typewriter or computer.
And you think a guy like him would be into it?
Well, a lot of people like writing things by hand.
In fact, I'm pretty sure JK Rowling wrote Harry Potter by hand.
Wow.
Yeah.
Pretty sure she wrote it by hand.
[1:27:02] See, that's true.
I think she wrote it by hand first and then typed it out later.
I mean, that's so amazing.
I also think that's how Bill Clinton wrote his autobiography.
My life?
Yeah, he wrote it.
I'm 99% sure he wrote it.
It's crazy to me.
Yeah.
I wrote first two potters by hand.
Wow.
And typed them on a 10 year old typewriter All the writer needs is talent and that's insane.
That is amazing.
That's amazing hand drawn plot map for inception Wow That's nuts that is nuts Wow, what a psycho no computer Wow, what a psycho no computer That's great and this guy does like the most advanced screen his movies are always like maybe that's why maybe he realizes like he has more Bandwidth yeah Concentrating on something that's really important.
I'm unless that's less room for nonsense But the but those things you think they would give you more time for that kind of thought [1:28:03] But yeah, I think but I think they also distract you.
There's so much distraction online.
It's so difficult to do work.
And I guess if you just choose to not engage in it at all, then you're only concentrating on work because you're not checking your favorite sites.
No.
You're not seeing what's on YouTube.
And him and J.K.
were both going to the magic realm.
They go into another realm.
So maybe that's how they get there.
Oh, especially J.K.
or she created a whole world.
She really did.
A whole world of wizards and lost kids and, you know, magic spells.
Great shit.
Amazing.
Yeah.
And now she's in trouble.
Oh, God.
She thinks men and women are women.
I mean, it's just insane that she can actually have that kind of insane opinion.
How dare.
Oh, dare she.
It's psychotic because she's in real trouble.
I was like, oh, she's not canceled.
Yeah.
I mean, she's making her money because of her books, but don't act like she's not canceled.
[1:29:01] Well, people, she gets death threats.
I mean, it's like, it's weird.
It's a weird, the weirdest.
That's a big part of it.
People like that can all get together.
People that think that's okay to get together and act as a gang.
And everyone's so terrified of them, they just kind of let them do it.
And nobody like stands up and says, what the fuck are you doing?
Yeah.
Everybody's just kind of quiet.
Even people that are on the left, they'll, they'll support the people that are canceling her so that they don't get canceled.
Yeah.
You see it happen all the time.
Yep.
Instead of saying, hey, you know, she's a wonderful person and she has a right to her opinion and it's a very reasonable opinion in fact.
Yeah.
What are you saying?
Crazy.
It's terrible.
Yeah, and that's why they're so adamant about getting you to comply.
We can't be any debate on it because they know it's ridiculous.
So they have to fight you with tooth and nail.
Trans women are women.
Yeah.
Okay, all of them?
Are you sure?
Are you sure all of them?
[1:30:01] Maybe you got a few psychos in there that are pretending?
Yeah.
No.
No.
Okay.
It's crazy.
Yeah.
And those are the ones that go after JK Rowling, the psychos.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And you know, at least she stands up.
That lady's got courage.
She's got a lot of courage.
Yeah.
She won't stop talking about it.
I think she probably probably took her forever to realize like this isn't going away.
So this is just what it is.
Fuck you.
Fuck you, the truth is the truth.
Fuck off.
Fuck off.
I had a Riley Gaines on the podcast.
You know what she is?
Oh yeah, this one.
Yeah.
That's crazy case.
Yeah.
He just let a guy start swimming with girls.
He says he's a girl.
And when he wins, he goes, well, I guess she's the best.
You're like, excuse me, I gotta clean my goggles for a second.
I think I saw something.
You imagine when we were kids, this fellow being a legitimate issue that's like national, but it's just everybody in the sidelines is watching the pool gone.
[1:31:05] Yeah.
They should all be able to vote.
Like everyone should vote.
Like get every ever one of these things.
Like how many of you think that a biological male should be like?
And if you say yes, and if it wins, then the biological male skin can play that's absolutely right.
If everybody says no, no, you can't do it.
But that's a thing.
Instead of just saying look, we all understand, trans people deserve rights, they get abused.
We all agree.
But you can't be on the swim, you can't be on the swim.
You can't fight girls.
You can't.
You just can't.
All the end stuff we understand.
We understand.
No, you can't, no, you can't even play basketball against girls, you're too big.
But saying that is really considered hate speech.
I know, that's what's nuts.
Despite, but that's where it's anti-science.
Because if you just want to look at it objectively, if you didn't think of it as a man and a woman, if you just took it like an equation, if you just looked at the numbers that are on one side of this equation, [1:32:01] if you're trying to pretend that these two numbers are equivalent and you look at one of them and it has much greater lung capacity, much stronger heart, denser bones, different hip structure, less susceptibility to ACL tears, different reaction times.
If you just looked at the system, just a system of what it means to be a male human being and compared it to like the elite of elite female human beings.
You go, oh, this is not an equal.
It's not equal.
It's just not equal.
Yeah.
And I guarantee his, his said part also is I guarantee most trans people feel the same way and they can't say it.
Right.
Because they're not trying because they'll be considered sellouts.
If they say it in a community, they'll be considered sellouts and they're not allowed to say their opinion.
Well, there's a rift now between a lot of gay people and trans people.
But I say gay people are like, I'm not a girl, I just like guys.
They're like, you don't say, and you're encouraging young boys to change their gender.
[1:33:02] And they're not gonna be able to come anymore.
Like if you're encouraging them to get the operation, which is crazy because they're doing thousands of them, you'll never have an orgasm again.
They remove your penis.
It's gone.
They create a vagina.
You have to keep it dilated with a thingy stuff up there.
Are you sure?
Are you sure?
You know?
Yeah.
Wait till you, you you know 35 At least that's those decisions.
Yeah, if you're a 35 year old guy and you want to become a girl God bless it God bless you, but that's the thing I think a lot of trans people agree with all of this I do I think they did too and they just they know that they're not allowed because They don't want to throw the baby out of the bath water and it's like there's a lot of things going on with it like why would I?
Sacrifice against my community when I'm just going to get screwed by both sides on it.
That's the other thing that goes on with the internet.
Historia is that suddenly if you deviated all you're out in bed standing with everybody.
Yeah well that's a problem with detransitioners.
The people that transition and have deeper grit they get attacked.
They get attacked.
It's crazy.
Yeah, and then gay people who say that they wanted to be trans [1:34:06] and they're younger, but then they realized they're just gay when they're older and thank God it didn't do anything.
Those people get attacked.
Yeah.
But that's a large number.
There was a study about that about how a lot of the people that thought that they were trans and they're younger, if in time they're just gay.
Yeah.
if in time they're just gay.
But when there's a thing that you're told, like, oh no, you're this, then they give you hormones, which adjust everything, literally changes the way you feel.
And for girls to boys, it alleviates anxiety, which is a problem, because then you think this is what I've always been.
Now, you're taking testosterone.
Like, of course you're gonna feel different, and now you're saying, oh, this is how I always been.
Now, you're taking testosterone.
Like, of course, you're gonna feel different.
And now you're saying, oh, this is how I always was.
If it is how you always, where you wouldn't have to take this exogenous hormone, that wouldn't be necessary.
If you think you're a boy, just be a boy, you know, you might just be a gay girl.
And if you think you're a boy and you're a girl, just live your life the way you wanna live your life.
[1:35:06] Absolutely.
But if you start injecting things into your body when you're 14 or 15 years old, you'll never be the same again.
It's just, you don't have a chance, that normalcy, it's gone.
If you change your mind and one day you decide to have children, you might not be able to.
You might have ruined your voice.
You might have changed and masculineized your features permanently forever.
And you might not have really wanted that.
You might have just had anxiety.
I mean, I started smoking cigarettes when I was 14.
Even though it's a different thing, but it's the same.
They say if you start smoking before you're 18, you have the chance of dying young of lung cancer.
A thousand different things.
Oh, yeah, that's a years thing, right?
So how many years you smoke?
Yeah, I mean, that's what you start to.
The crazy thing is like when we were kids, people hadn't really got it in their head that smoking was killing people.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
They fought that so long.
They did such a great job bullshitting people.
[1:36:01] They did such a great job of saying, yeah, it's probably not that bad for you.
Because smoking looks cool.
That does look cool.
It still looks cool.
I see those old French Italian movies, I'm like, oh man, they're livin'.
They're fuckin' sittin' and smoking.
Bad ass.
It's also the idea when you know it's bad for you that this person doesn't care that it's bad for them.
They're livin bad for them.
They're living for now.
Yeah, well that's true.
That's a person in the moment.
Just living for now.
Fuck the future.
I remember when I was 11, I had to go down to, I wanted to buy a 45 record.
I'm from the days, there were 45 records, and I asked my aunt could I have a cigarette?
Because you had to walk two avenues, and each block, three blocks and two avenues.
And every block, there's was a group of kids, also 11 years old, that will up at that hour, hey you, that's what you didn't wanna hear.
Hey kid, you're like oh, fuck.
So I said, if I have a cigarette, I'll just, it wasn't lit, and she gave me a cigarette, a tarry tin, [1:37:01] and I walked down the block with my cigarette.
was out anyway, but you know that was my move that in the karate max Yeah, that's does it to the moves and the six judo glasses young kid with a cigarette the lose dangerous little fuck Yeah, but the karate man.
Yeah, I do really commit.
I literally had to stand on the train like this a horse dance Yeah, and stand like this with the magazine open Like this middle subway Who's gonna do that a karate guy?
Yeah, yeah and stand like this with the magazine open, and change something like this, middle of subway.
Hmm.
Who's gonna do that?
A karate guy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Smart.
It's definitely better than putting in all that work.
You don't wanna do that?
Sadly, that's really my motive.
Is that a lazy person?
Yeah, you don't wanna get hit in the head a bunch of times.
You know what he guys I know can't breathe out of their nose Fucking large percentage of them, but I but on Smith he went and got the trophy.
That's even better.
That's a smart move So he's a funny dude, man.
Oh funny.
He's so funny.
That's so hilarious such a funny thing to do [1:38:03] I knew a story about a dude who is a fake black belt.
He actually wound up killing a guy later on in life.
Wow, he was in that fake.
You know, it's it's a crazy story, but the guy was just a just a compulsive liar, pathological liar.
And he claimed he was a black belt in some martial art and a lot of people started getting real suspicions of them.
What he did was he made his friend drop him off in the woods and he brought a duffle bag with him and he said he was entering into a kumate like a no rules kumate karate fight in the woods and come back and pick me up here tomorrow.
So the guy shows up the next day and now he doesn't have the duffle bag but now he has a trophy that's the same size as the duffle and now he doesn't have the duffel bag, but now he has a trophy.
That's the same size as the duffel bag, and he said he won the tournament.
And so he gets in the guy's car, and the guy drives him back, he's like, what?
Wow.
So he's telling, he just made up a karate tournament in the woods and had his friend drop him off, [1:39:02] and then had a bag that he brought with him.
He was so not clutch.
Like, brought a duffel bag.
What's in the duffel bag?
You know, whatever.
Yeah.
It's a my gay.
It's a Friday tournament.
Whatever.
My gay.
There's a karate tournament.
Well, trophy in there.
We guess you tell them, I'm the kind of guy that's like, yeah, I like that kit.
You call it a composed of light.
I call him a creative thinker.
So what a little credit for his martial arts.
He was apparently allegedly banging this guy's wife and found the guy, got the guy in his karate studio and strangled the guy to death and then was seen driving around in the guy's car and eventually got arrested for it.
Now wait a minute.
He was, he had a karate studio.
Yeah, yeah, he was a fake black belt that had a martial arts studio.
Oh my gosh.
Yeah.
And he actually had some people that trained with him that were legit martial arts.
He didn't know.
And he was like kind of just proficient enough [1:40:03] in the bullshit and got some guys who actually knew a little bit.
Yes.
Right.
He's just like, hey, do you think it took 20 minutes?
I could teach you how to choke a person pretty quickly.
It's not hard to teach someone how to do this with your arm and that with your arm.
It's just being able to do it to a person is very difficult.
But I could show you very quickly how to squeeze it off and you would be really effective at it.
And so that's what he did to this guy.
Like, he strangled him to death.
He got behind him and he just choked him to death and then he stole his car and just driving out.
I don't know what they did with the body.
I don't remember exactly what happened, but I remember like, because we had already confronted that guy and being a fake my friend Eddie actually had a very uncomfortable phone conversation with him While I was with him where he's like you're full of shit man like you're not a black belt There's no fucking way you're a black belt is like because he was he was telling him he did another thing while we're together Like he went to Thailand to [1:41:05] went to Thailand to compete in some mixed martial arts fight.
And he had just learned this move called the Twister.
Very difficult move to pull off.
And he came back and he told Eddie that he won his fight by the Twister and Eddie was like, what?
What the fuck are you talking about?
Like how did you do that?
You don't know how to do that.
Like you're not good.
Like he had rolled with the guy.
He knew the guy was terrible.
He was saying that, oh, I'm a black belt in Japanese, Jiu Jitsu, it's different.
He was like, no, he was incompetent.
He was like a white belt on the ground.
He knew when he said he won this match, he didn't really go to Thailand.
This is fake, this guy's a nut.
And so Eddie had separated from him, and then after that, we hear the story that he killed this guy, and it was driving the guy's fucking Jaguar around town, like holy shit.
Yeah.
Don't you think the compulsive liars, like I feel like there's not enough research on what it is, [1:42:04] because sometimes you'll be like, that's not true.
And they look at you and they, you're not embarrassing them.
They part of them believes it's true.
They're broken.
I think they're broken.
They're broken.
They don't care if you, uh, if you feel good or bad, they just want you to buy their story.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They're not really there.
They're not really connecting to you.
That's their only mission in life.
That is, sometimes you just even benefit them and they still, that's the most important thing to them.
Have you read about guys who have pretended to be doctors and set up practices and operated on people?
I went to one.
The guy, I went to one in a...
For real?
Yeah.
this is in the 90s.
And I'll tell you this, it's all over the paper.
Dean, I forget his last name, but he's in prison right now for life.
Dean, I'll look it up later, but anyway, somebody tells me I had like a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, take it off and it's a good dermatologist dean something Anyway, so he sets up an appointment and it's on a Saturday at a doctor's park Avenue [1:43:12] It's but it's Saturday and I was like, oh cool.
I'm off a Saturday.
I go over to his office.
I walk in When I think back now it was like nobody no receptionist just him He goes, yeah, I'm just working Saturday by myself.
He goes, I let the receptionist off.
I was like, oh, cool.
I go in the office, it's kind of dark, you know, but it's doctors' office.
And I guess he worked for the doctor when he had the keys or something.
He was in any slices of the thing off, it kind of hurt.
It healed very badly, but he healed.
But it was not a great job.
I remember thinking I never go back to that guy.
He overdid it.
Yeah.
Yeah, it wasn't.
The Nova came was weird.
But anyway, like four years later, Dean Fiello.
F-A-I.
I was waiting to make sure it was the right guy.
That's the guy.
Shed's light on Bosch procedure that left New York woman dead nearly 20 years ago.
Oh my God.
He buried her.
He buried her under constant.
Under a concrete slab.
It's good thing I left.
Oh my [1:44:09] own.
Holy shit.
That's a guy.
Psycho.
Yeah.
And it was like really like he looked like, you know, he was like well quaffed hair and he's crazy.
I brought the guy.
Yeah.
I knew 20 years ago.
He looked much better.
Buried out.
Whoa.
I don't know exactly how they were talking to him.
I was like, he got out.
No, when he was young, that picture doesn't do him justice.
When he was, what's that?
Was he creepy?
Yeah, you got to see the young, when he's young, the picture when he's young.
He looks like, not creepy, do it.
Yeah, there he is on the left.
That's Dean.
Yeah.
That's when they caught him.
Yeah.
Wow.
Fake doctor Dean Fiello feared something would go wrong.
Yeah, I went to a gym.
Did he think?
Did he have any medical history?
I mean, he must have worked for an office because he had the keys to the doctor's office.
He must have been like a, the receptionist.
He was, the crazy person.
He was a receptionist or something, yeah.
[1:45:06] And what year was this where he's doing all this stuff?
He's from Madison, Jersey.
Most likely, he's succeed by his classmates.
Wow.
Wow.
He worked in construction.
Before being involved at a baseball, became skilled at hair removal.
1996 began his own practice, Skin Ovation's from an office on park Avenue.
Wow the blood vessel removal tattoo removal and this He's leased selling himself short.
He also removed moles Wow, that must have been the office park Avenue in 1973.
So how did she die of this lady die?
70 third.
So how did she die of this lady die?
Let's see.
Lidocaine.
He had completed the same procedure on Cruz over a dozen times before without her experiencing an allergic reaction to lidocaine.
Oh, he was not licensed to perform this procedure.
He admitted doing at least 14 times on Cruz alone.
[1:46:00] He went on to claim that after some time Cruz had bubbles coming out of her mouth and her body went limp by his own account.
He delayed calling for help, but allegedly attempting CPR but could not get her to start breathing again.
He adds a despite being previously certified in electrolysis for hair removal.
He didn't have the proper training for what to do when a patient goes into shock.
Jesus Christ, what a crazy person.
An unverified claim made by Fiello who is not licensed or trained to make medical diagnosis and claims that he didn't know how to check for a pulse.
He admitted walking away while she, while he believed she was dying of shock.
Fiello later called a doctor.
He knew personally to explain his version of what happened to Cruz according to Vanity Fair reporter Brian Burrow.
The doctor told them to either call 911 or rush cruise to a hospital emergency room.
Instead of helping cruise, Fayello shoved cruise his body into a black suitcase, which had been stolen days earlier from his housemate Mark Richey.
Fayello claims he put the suitcase containing Maria Cruz in his car and drove straight home.
[1:47:04] Then he left her in the trunk for two days before finally removing her body into his garage, which was just undergoing renovations.
It's unclear whether Maria Cruz was still alive when Faelo began to try to cover up his actions.
Cruz's wallet and purse were discovered by Faelo's housemate inside a black gym bag placed under a rafter in the unfinished ceiling of the garage in August 2003 just one month after Faelos kicked out.
He later admitted in June 2003 nearly three months after Cruz was killed that he had buried Cruz's body underneath the garage before pouring cement right before a sale of the house was closed.
Boy boy and see what I said the numbing agent did work that doctor cement right before a sale of the house was closed.
Boy.
Boy, and see what I said, the numbing agent didn't work.
That doctor just kept his fucking mouth shut, huh?
The doctor he called?
Yeah.
That doctor never told nobody.
Yeah.
That was kinda creepy.
That's really creepy.
You know, the doctor never goes, Hey man, whatever happened to that lady?
[1:48:01] Yeah.
He didn't even ask.
So like nobody even knew, and all of a sudden she was, if that moron didn't leave that gym bag behind, he might have gotten away with it.
He probably would have.
I'd be going to him today.
I mean, in 2003, how good were there catcher people?
Yeah.
Not as good, right?
No.
But isn't that funny when I just said that numbing aging didn't work and that's he obviously tried to.
Oh God.
Okay.
In the aftermath of the call between mutual friend, oh, the mutual friend of fail, oh, he did rat him out.
They both realized failo lied when he stated he got the woman to medical help and that she was fine.
Box searched the house.
Now, failo wasn't there.
And while looking in the garage were called failo, using concrete but just before moving out.
Batch remembered how uncharacteristically secretive he was about the project and his overwrite reaction when Bach walked in on him pouring concrete.
According to New York State detective Lieutenant TJ Mulroney, Bach box information gave us the break in the investigation we were hoping for.
[1:49:07] Uh-huh.
His ex-boyfriend.
Oh.
Brian Ford received a tip from Faelos ex-boyfriend Greg Bach.
Okay.
So that's who Bach is.
Maria Crease's body was recovered from the property, now occupied by new homeowners.
Boy, can they get their money back?
I'm gonna fucking live with that house.
This lady was underneath the garage.
You're parking your Honda over a dead lady for months.
Well, think of how many people don't know that this happened in their whole life.
Yeah, a lot.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Dun dun dun dun.
Did you ever see that was my guy?
Yeah.
It was a composable life.
Did you ever eat murder machine?
Sure.
Yeah.
Yeah, those guys were something, huh?
Yeah, that was a joy deers termion that book's scared that shit out of me.
About Roy Dimaio.
Meanwhile my friends had grew up around there.
They were little kids who told me they used to throw snowballs at the old man's bar, that bar, they're like, ah, ah, they throw snowballs bar like I had to throw so balls at the old man drinking there.
I mean they were just slaughtering people.
[1:50:07] Yeah, they're throwing 12 year old kids like I had the old back.
Throwing mafia.
Snowballs is the mafia still a thing?
I mean, I don't think it's I mean, it's still a thing, but I don't think it's nothing.
I mean, when you think about how important the mafia was in the 50s and 60s and 70s, it's in, even the 80s, but it's insane how much power they had.
Vegas.
I mean, they probably killed Kennedy.
I mean, well, it had something to do with it, but they, even if they didn't, they had so much power over so many industries.
It was insane.
Well, you gotta remember Kennedy fucked them over.
Yeah.
Because they got him in.
They helped him win.
They helped him win.
But they say that.
But how much did they, so they got him Chicago.
You know what I mean?
It's a lot.
I guess so.
But I mean, yeah.
And then he turned on.
Well, he led Robert Turnon, I mean.
Yeah.
Robert Turnon.
Not good.
[1:51:06] But here's the weird thing.
Didn't Robert Turnon them in the 50?
Was that the, I feel like that was before Kennedy was president.
But maybe?
Really?
Real promise to lay off and then he didn't.
Really?
But I guess that's why I would love to, that's the Kennedy pay I want those papers.
Did you hear what trumpets out about them?
What then you don't want to see them or something?
Yeah, I said if they showed you what they showed me you wouldn't release it either But what does that mean?
He said he's gonna release him if they said that means they that means they threatened him Probably means it threatened what else could it mean?
Well, I think you wouldn wouldn't want to release it either.
It's like, what's gonna happen?
It's 60 years later.
What could it be?
It could destroy the CIA.
Yeah, that's what I mean.
That's why we always get that.
Yeah, that's why we should release it.
That if you were the president and they told you that, what would you do?
Well, you the CIA or do you say you know what we're going to hide this and you're going to give the CIA even more power.
[1:52:06] But I'm saying he's the thing.
If you're the killed the president.
Whatever this was 2019 right?
What you would do is you would say this CIA was nothing like today's CIA.
That was back in 1963.
You know what I mean?
That's what you would say.
You would say that was the terrible time in our history and thank God there's been several changes.
I just don't know if people would accept that.
Accept that the CIA hasn't changed?
Yeah, I don't think they would.
I think it would open up scrutiny that would be almost impossible for them to do their job the way they do it right now.
They just changed the name of the organization.
They changed I.N.S became ICE became ASI became like the name of the organization.
They changed, immigration, INS became, I used to became ASI became, you know what I mean?
Like, change the name of the CIA, how dare you?
Yeah.
What are your communists?
Changes to the Central Intelligence Agency.
I never liked that name anyway, it's stupid.
You know what I mean?
It's gotta be a better name.
[1:53:00] What do you, what do you, what do you propose?
The United States over, let's think of something like the...
Overlords?
How about the...
That's what they are, it's information overlords.
Let's just cut to the chase.
The information overlords.
We decide what gets out out we find out what's Happening how about the American shadow boys Ooh I like it shadow boys sounds like a cool band yeah that was like like it's like a cool bluegrass band Shadow boys six dreams like some do with a band zone they play it's six dreams.
Yeah, that's how it sounds like a good band The shadow boys.
I like that.
All right, I'm good at band names.
Are you giving me another one?
I tried to make my nephew back 20 years ago and he was trying to be a band.
I said, call yourselves, do you know what's?
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Cause that was one of my favorite jokes that we had that paratrooper.
Oh, you have any other parry joke about that guy buys the parrot and he goes you know what about his parry He's got a filthy mouth and he goes I can handle it back comes home to parry because he missed a mistake [1:54:10] He goes what he goes go fuck yourself the guy goes don't talk to me that smacks the cage parrot beats up the parry He goes don't ever I go I'm not the guy to play with like that next day comes home Packers they missed a mistake goes what he goes go fuck yourself He goes you piece so smash you almost drown the parody goes next I'm gonna go fuck myself.
I'm gonna kill you.
I promise you I'm gonna kill you Next day shows up from after work.
Packers.
Hey, miss Davis to goes what?
Packers you know what I forgot my joke.
That's a good way.
That's a good one.
That's what they used to do in the old days.
Cats cold guys.
They just go up there and tell jokes.
Um, there's still guys to do that.
Yeah.
I hate to say it.
And I always get jealous because I'm always like, God damn it.
They work every time.
[1:55:04] Right.
They're great jokes.
Yeah.
All those old jokes people like all that's the old jokes like yeah and they're great jokes.
Yeah.
But you know we would never do it.
We would never lower ourselves.
Yeah.
The weird thing about great jokes is who wrote them?
Where do they come from?
I tried to get I used to live in the same building with Jackie Martling the joke man.
Jackie the joke man.
So one time I go Jackie his well just like 15 years ago We're gonna do a documentary.
We're gonna find out all the jokes where they come from who wrote them I said because you must know a lot of this because he knows every joke ever written, you know So I go you you must know some of this he goes no I don't I go what?
He goes I don't know any of those.
I go, you know all these jokes, your whole life is built on it.
You didn't bother to try to fight.
He was, I have no idea where they came from.
So even he doesn't know.
I don't think anybody knows.
Isn't that crazy?
Isn't that weird that nobody?
Some of these jokes were And nobody knows.
Nobody knows where any of them came from.
It's weird.
[1:56:06] It's weird.
And some of them are great.
Where do they come from?
And that's also, we have that with memes now.
And some memes, you know who did it, because they put like a watermark on it, and they posted on their site.
Some memes, you get in a text message chain.
Someone just sends you something, you're like, ah!
Life!
message chain someone just sends you something like right and then you send it to your friends and like and nobody knows where it came from and some of them are some of the funniest fucking things I've ever seen online really funny really funny yeah where does it all come from well you're getting now especially especially with memes you're getting the input of millions of people and there's so many people out there That could have been comics and just chose not to be they either they didn't try it and they have a mind for it Right or but they're funny then so they get their funny out on sneak tip They get their funny out when no one's looking they take a picture of Taylor Swift [1:57:02] And they do something to it and they write something underneath it Yeah, and they post it up there and they were like, ah, and that's how they're doing comedy.
They're getting that out in this way.
And when you're sourcing from millions and millions and millions of people like we're doing currently, probably more, probably billions of in English speaking people that are contributing to the mean pool of the world.
Right.
Because you have all these other countries with millions of people.
It's probably a billion plus people that are doing that.
And they're all online.
And out of those, you're gonna get a few thousand hilarious people that have never done stand up and could be a David towel.
They just never did it.
Right.
That's right.
Yeah, I mean, those minds exist.
Oh, I used to have a few friends that were really front.
We had this friend, Al, a friend, Al, would work down in ambulance.
He would come home every night.
And remember, he would have an experience every night because he's an ambulance.
Right.
He would come back and tell us stories.
And people would be the next day.
And we'd be crying.
Because every night the way [1:58:02] he told, he was a funny guy.
Yeah And he would just talk about all the abuse he took as the stripper.
So I pull up and he was that kind of guy, like you said, he could have been a great comic.
Yeah, there's a lot of guys like that.
The funniest guy I ever knew who wasn't a comic was a guy I worked for.
He was a private investigator, his name was Dave Dolan.
He's called himself Don and my dickless Dave Dolan.
He's called himself Dona My Diculous Dave Dolan.
He's like leave messages on my voicemail.
I still have a phone number that I haven't gotten rid of.
I have this phone because it has a voicemail on it from him before he died.
And he was a private investigating, lost his license, trunk driving.
And so he needed someone to be his driver.
So he put an ad in the newspaper for private investigators apprentice.
I was like, oh, I'll try that.
I needed some other kind of a job to just sustain myself.
I was trying to make a living doing stand-up.
And so I drove this guy around for six months until he got his license back.
And we did a lot of private investigation.
And you just make your laugh all my god.
He was hilarious.
He was so funny.
He was so funny about everything.
He was always funny.
He was just on.
He was [1:59:05] everybody he talked to.
They just start smiling.
The moment they start talking to this guy.
He was a charming dude.
He was smart as shit.
He was just very, very funny.
And he was, I would be crying.
And I remember telling my girlfriend at the time, I came back and we went out to dinner that night and we were eating and I was like, I'm not anywhere near as funny as this guy and he doesn't even want to be a comedian.
No.
I think it's so quick, because I was an open micro at the time.
I was just starting.
They just funny.
He was just funny.
I mean, just the fucking guy had a funny take on everything.
Yeah.
And he was a drunk, but he's quit drinking like that.
Never went back to it.
Never, never fell off the wagon, was getting hammered every night and then went to nothing and was still had the sensibility of a hilarious guy at the bar.
He's still act like a drunk.
He was stone-cold sober.
He had no filter.
Dick Dolan, yeah.
Dying in my day of doing.
Al Cantor, same thing.
[2:00:00] Yeah, there's funniest, those guys out there Those guys would come out and just roll.
20 new minutes a day.
It always makes me think about that Billy Joe song.
You know, I'm sure that it could be a movie star if I could get out of this place.
Right.
Sing us a song.
Yes.
I mean, there's a lot of people out there that just never just never tried it.
Never went for it.
Never tried just something.
And there's a million things you get in a way, you know, you're heard of foresters syndrome.
No, I was looking up the origin of knock-dock jokes and this popped up during this article that said in Europe, incescent word play became treated as a psychological condition.
Oh my god.
Jamie's got to go to a hospital.
Manic punning.
People that were compulsively punning.
That's Tony Hinchcliffe.
Right.
Tony Hinchcliffe would 100% get locked up.
Compulsive punning in inappropriate jokes was known as forest or syndrome in the 19th or 20s or 30s.
I guess that's back when people needed to go to work.
There was only work.
Joking.
Joking, hold on, sorry.
Joking just got the way of things.
Especially in 1929, Austrian psychoanalyst A.A.
Brill was exploring a melody termed whistle-shocked.
[2:01:08] How do you say that?
Yeah, that sounds good.
Whistle-shocked.
Whistle-shocked.
An addiction to wisecracks, according to psychology today, German neurologist, octrid forster, identified manic punning in what eventually became known as forster syndrome.
Wow.
And then I guess people got tired of it.
They lumped knock knock jokes in there.
Cause like there's like in the radio in the 30's, people were like knock knock jokes everywhere.
And clubs.
By the way, would this not be a great movie?
Yeah.
What would be great movie?
Like, okay, so we all agree basically that the first real standup in terms of like the way we do it was Lenny, right?
Lenny Bruce.
Yes.
He was the first.
So he was the first game change to just talk about stuff.
Game change.
Yeah.
Just talk about stuff and make it funny instead of just have like a series of jokes that anybody could tell.
Well, not anybody, but right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But you know, like Catskill guys, they could all, so many of them were just joke-towers.
[2:02:06] Yeah, no, he was a game changer.
Yeah.
Who have you seen live?
Who'd you get as chance to see live?
Do you see prior live?
No.
Never.
I had Colin on Tough Crowd.
Oh really?
That was fun.
Oh wow.
There must have been awesome.
That was really awesome.
My whole, all my family.
My family never really, you know, come to show.
I'm from New York so my cousins, everybody, they've been in my shows over the years, but you know, this is already a hundred years, they're not gonna come.
I forget how I knew, but I told them, the whole stands, there was 40 or 50 of my family my cousins my uncles my aunt was calling for Irish people of a certain they that cat that routine he did was like it's the first of us are comedy have that power or two he like they would just listen to it and just laugh [2:03:01] over the Catholic school experience that traumatized that.
And this guy did 13 minutes explaining it.
Yeah.
That 30.
It's all a bit was 13 minutes and it changed their whole lives.
It is.
And so they all showed up and it was just a really powerful and he was said, hi, you know, like he understood like he went out there and was like, Hey, how you doing to them?
It was really interesting.
Look at Lil Skinny Jim.
Yep.
Well, young babyface Colin Quinn.
Jim demanded to be in that show by the way.
Oh, yeah.
He loves Colin.
Oh, yeah.
Looking Nick to follow.
Oh, yeah.
Young and handsome.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
That was a great time.
And it's just, but you were so good as a host.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Have you thought about doing something like that?
Will you host something with Kyle?
Well, when I did, when I did, I did this cop show on YouTube that was basically like a Lauren Order show.
And I started having comedians on it.
I was planning on making it like, like I would have Jim on, but the plot would involve insulting him and attacking him and [2:04:06] then Bobby Kelly came on and he stressed his sister, like a villain and he's complaining about me putting him in this, you know, women's outfit and Keith Robinson.
So it became sort of like that's what I would do, but I mean, I ran out of money, but I mean, but that's, I did a bunch of those cop show type things.
think that's what I'm doing in a lot of ways was the beginning of podcasting Yeah, I think a combination of the opian Anthony show and tough crowd Yeah, because those are the first places where comics got together and just talk shit and beat himself And talk shit to each other and riff in and laugh and at each other and have them together.
And you saw the combrottery, which you didn't really see that with comedians.
You saw them on stage by themselves, telling the routine, you never saw them sitting down together like that.
No, no.
Yeah, it was definitely an interesting thing, but I thought I would do it in that form, [2:05:01] the cops should think, because that was more, you could still do it, and you could make fun of the culture at the same time.
It was another way of doing it, but anyway, I did that for a while, but, you know.
But that show was groundbreaking, because like you guys would, you would cover like cultural issues, current news events, things that were happening, you get all these comics have a take on things and Then and then trash somebody's personal life too in the middle of it and there's there's clips on on Instagram Like there's a there's one channel that has a all tough crowd clips and you go and watch you oh my god These guys would be it's so much trouble today.
Oh, we'd be gone even back then we got in trouble I know but it's it's crazy.
I, we're talking like Tough Crowd ended 2000.
What?
2004.
2020 years.
Wow, 20 years ago.
Isn't that crazy?
That's 20 years ago.
God boy, it makes no sense.
Time is just a motherfucker, isn't it?
It's ridiculous.
It's so quick.
[2:06:01] It's terrible.
It's so long and yet so quick.
So much experience and yet it just all happened just a little while ago.
But so long ago, 20 years long.
It's really long time.
It's insane to me.
It feels like it was yesterday.
It feels like it never happened.
It feels like both.
It feels like it was just recent and like it was never it never occurred.
It's a movie I watched right right like if you watch it you want to remember what you said and you think about gerardo patrice these guys had long gone you know when you're crazy gerardo story sure really weird i went to a movie recently and i'm leaving the movie theater and uh...
i went into the bathroom and uh...
as i'm leaving the bathroom, this guy walks in and he recognizes me and he said, hey, what's up?
And I go, what's up?
And I thought it was Greg Gerardo for like one second because he was like, he was taller, but he looked exactly like a young Gerardo.
[2:07:03] And my brain, I didn't expect to see him.
And so I opened the door and this guy's there and he says, what's up to me?
And I think he recognized me because it's, like, you know, Greg's dead.
And this isn't Greg.
Like, this is great.
And I'm like, hey, what's up, man?
How you doing?
Nice to meet you.
wife, I said, I just thought I saw a dead friend of mine.
For one second, I thought it was him.
So I know it sounds crazy, but I was so happy to see him for that one second.
Yes.
It's like a dream, yeah.
It was horrible, but it was great.
It was great.
For that one second, it was great.
Because I was like, Greg.
Yeah.
But it wasn and they're going forever.
He was on the same set as me when I was doing news radio.
So we were doing news radio at one of the buildings and his building was right next door when he was doing his sitcom.
So we were always hanging out together in the parking lot and talk shit and watch Joey Lawrence get into his car.
[2:08:01] I mean, that's great.
And we're doing what?
When you see, of course.
Yeah, he had a sitcom there too.
Yeah they had a big scandal recently some chambalysis thing right?
What?
Who did?
Really?
I thought I saw something.
For real?
I didn't hear about that.
Yeah I think they were involved in that maybe.
What is it?
I don't know because there's also a lawsuit about one of the things I don't know.
Sorry there's a lawsuit about one of those.
Now, I don't like the story.
Google that.
I haven't heard that story at all, but he was, he would play his own music in his car.
Oh, Joey.
He had like a Mercedes.
Whoa.
Yeah.
Play his own music.
Rocking out.
Must've been fun.
We have beautiful handsome 19 year old with a sitcom.
that just playing his own music and it's cars like, oh, this guy.
I love it when you run into another comedian when you're involved with non-comedy things.
Yes.
Matthew Lawrence.
That's what it was.
My agency fired me after a fuse to take my clothes off for an award-winning director.
Right.
Whoa.
Whoa.
[2:09:01] So they were involved in the victim side of it.
Yes, he was supposed to be like a superhero movie.
One of these things.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Ooh.
It's creepy when you find out how much of that stuff is real.
Yeah, it is.
You know, the more they unveil, the more stories come out.
Unbelievable.
Kids, Nickelodeon, like the Nickelodeon.
Nice, they need Nickelodeon, why shouldn't it?
Doesn't it make sense, Tho?
Like if you were a fucking creep, you'd wanna work with kids.
There's been many times in my life where I've been proposition to get a huge role Lawrence says in the podcast, I lost my agency because I went to the hotel room where the actor ledges a prominent director showed up in his robe, asked me to the next Marvel character, holy fuck.
Yo.
If he's telling the truth.
Yo.
Yeah.
You know who else was on the set?
Lenny Clark.
Oh, he was?
Yeah, Lenny Clark was on that show with, what the fuck was his name?
[2:10:00] He played a judge.
He used to be on that.
Harry, Harry, something.
Anderson?
God damn it.
He had a show.
It was a show was his name John Larracette.
Yes, the John Larracett show.
So you pull up the cast the John Larracett show.
Did you hear that?
Sure, but Lenny clock that when he when he first got a sitcom in the 80s, I sure about there and not 91 whatever it was.
There it is, look at Lenny.
So I knew Lenny because the second time I ever got paid to do stand up, I opened for Lenny.
And Lenny's like, kid, you're hilarious.
He gave him all his great advice.
I was like, oh, you shit Lenny Clark from HBO.
He said I'm funny.
He laughed at me, like this was amazing.
And so years later, he was like five, six years later, Lane and I are working on sitcoms on the same lot, just right next to each other.
But the story is when he got his own sitcom, Lenny, back in like 91, and he went to the bank, and he says, I went to the bank, [2:11:00] I think you told me this story, maybe I heard it on a show, but he goes and they go Well, Mr.
Clark you can't buy this house.
We need this collateral He goes here's my collateral.
He showed him a TV guide.
He was on the cover Cover TV guy back when that was a good thing he got robbed he did yeah, he's agent He had and he was a part of I think it was I don't believe star agent robbing I know crazy, but I think this one person got like Jerry Seinfeld Story spotlight yes, that's it then not star spotlight.
Yeah, they fucked everybody.
Oh, yeah They stole millions of dollars, right?
Whatever happened with all that they were in I don't know, but I think they were very connected and certain areas.
What I heard, yeah.
So nothing happened.
Not good.
Nothing happened.
Damn.
Yeah.
Got robbed.
A lot of people lost money.
It's like a Bernie Madoff type deal almost.
That's right.
For comedy, yeah.
[2:12:01] Mm-hmm.
Yeah, I mean, it's, it's, Well handy to your mother, Colin.
What's up about a Colin?
Well, handle your money.
I mean, and we were so stupid.
And I remember Brett Butler telling me, look at these assholes, talking about Spala.
These guys come in here to hit a rob us.
And I go, that's, I was thinking like, what do you have to do?
Those, they take that percentage.
As I was thinking, I was six plus later, I'm like, oh shit, they came right in.
They come with the, because that's what's so great when people are robbing you, is they're not, they're coming in like friendly, they're hanging out with you as friends.
Yeah.
They're going to the diner.
They're bringing all that human being shit and then they fucking rob you the whole deal.
The whole deal.
Yes.
The sociopaths are amongst us.
They're sociopaths.
They do exist.
They do and many of them are successful in business.
Well we talked about them last night like joke thief sociopaths.
There's a bunch of them too.
Yes, that's right.
They're sociopaths.
That's what it is.
That's how they can do that.
Well, they, they, they disassociate themselves from what they're doing.
[2:13:06] The same thing with those pathological liar.
Like that guy Dean, he didn't think it was going to kill her.
He's like helping her.
Like they're not thinking, I mean, they know they have to cover it up.
Same with joke.
These, they think they, they don't think they're joke thieves.
They're like, no, no, I'm just, I'm inspired.
But what do they think everybody does it?
Or do they think everybody's influence?
Yeah.
What was the story with the spotlight?
Can you find that?
What did they do?
I don't think it even, I don't even think they, I don't think it became a thing.
I think it was just we knew about it.
I've been astounding in an article.
So they were connected?
Is that what the deal is?
That was, that was the word and it seemed like when I look back up like oh yeah, that makes sense Like they were just you know so much shady.
I know the more yeah, it's you the more the time Yeah, and they were just Yeah shady motherfuckers.
Yeah hanging out with you and I remember the lead I don't remember his name, but he looked just like remember that movie angel heart when De Niro plays Lewis Cypher [2:14:04] Lucifer.
He looked like him.
Yeah.
You ever hear that Zach Bryan song, a damn cold vampires?
No.
It's a great fucking song.
It's about that.
It's a great song.
It's about the industry.
It's called damn vampires in the name, but he says these damn cold vampires is the song.
Yeah.
Well, it's trying to build an empire off the things that they can take.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's all it is.
It's their building an empire off of other people's work.
And Kim and they're doing.
It's just, and comedians and the e- I guess other people all, but comedians are really the easiest because we're not business people.
We don't have a business mind.
Right Right, right.
So it's like, they look around, they go, and they probably think to themselves like, hey, if they want like any thief things, if it was that important to them, they wouldn't leave it out there.
No!
So just take it.
They didn't ask about the check, you take it.
Right.
Because we get sidetracked and we all have like some kind of, well, if you're in a corrupt business and everybody else is corrupt too, and in chill business in the early days, [2:15:05] it was all corrupt, it was all mob run, and everybody was, everybody was in code.
Everybody was robbing, yeah.
Oh my God, I mean, yeah.
It's crazy.
Wild business.
Yeah.
But yeah, so we were on that.
So the Greg D'Aurodo thing was like Greg and I were just hanging out in the parking lot all the time.
I got I knew him in New York, but I really got to know him on the set.
Great guy.
Is this some guys when they die you just go?
No.
Just no, no, no, not that one.
Yeah.
No, I know, I know.
And he was, yeah, I mean he was, I'd see him every night for years and he was yeah, I mean he was I'd see him every night for years and it was great guy.
Yeah Did you know Brody?
Yeah, I knew Brody when he worked at the celly He's the the balker at the cell when we had to drag people in the cell.
He was the balker He'd be great at that.
He was great at it.
Yeah [2:16:00] Yeah, he was a good dude, too.
He was another one when he went I was like no Just no I know just what he died of suicide.
Oh, no Exactly.
Oh my god.
That's one when you just go maybe if you saw him the night before I gave him a hug and told him how funny was I love him maybe would have helped a little you know He always had think things after the fact.
Yeah.
You know, he had gone through some episodes where he would go off his medication or you get a little crazy, then he'd go back on.
And then every now and then, he'd just catch that groove and he'd be on stage and he would be on fire.
I remember one time I was at the improv and it was a late late show It was like a 10 p.m.
Show and I think my spa was like 11 30 So I do my spot and the foot the show's over this fucking 80 people in the crowd It's one of them deals and then Brody is gonna close the show and they introduce Brody Brody takes his shirt off And he's swinging it around overhead with music like they're playing music [2:17:02] He's swinging around and walking through the crowd.
He's like energy positive energy.
I'm swinging his shirt around and he goes on stage and he starts playing drums on the stool and everybody's going crazy and then he goes into his material eight one eight till I die and everybody's dying.
I mean he just took over the room.
And I remember staying like, he does so many these late night sets that he just comes on with his big energy and he just recharges the whole room.
Everybody loved Brody.
That's the kind of, yeah.
That's like, well, let's say, that Dave Chris Falli thing where they would just come in and change the energy, right?
Change the energy of the room.
The whole energy was just like, whoa.
And it's like, you can't pull it off unless you have them.
Like, if you say, I'm gonna be that guy and you try it after like 30 seconds, she just fade.
Yeah.
They just, it brought more out in that.
They just organically that way, you know?
Exactly.
Yeah.
Like you said about Dickless Dave.
[2:18:00] Yeah.
Same thing.
Same thing.
It comes in people start smiling.
Yeah, totally could a bit of comic.
Yeah Yes, it's interesting how few people go down the path, you know, it's just a such a weird If you're gonna really you want to be successful in life It's not a good it's not a good road No It's it's so there's so many Weird obstacles to it that it's crazy and you really have to get hardened It's like every other business.
I'm sure you're successful you have a little bit of your Innocence about humor has to die too, but you have to really it's a business for you too Mm-hmm as much as we love it and I love watching the business for you too.
And as much as we love it, and I love watching comedians and being a comedian, and I love watching comedians doing their bits and working it out, it's still, you have to really be tough.
You have to be tough to be a comedian.
Something in you has to be able to tolerate a lot of shit.
Yes.
That's for sure.
Yeah.
You have to be able to tolerate bombing, [2:19:02] tolerate bad nights.
Bombing.
Everything.
tolerate bombing, tolerate bad nights.
This is everything.
If you can tolerate bombing, that's people's biggest fear.
Yeah, you can tolerate a lot in life.
You can tolerate.
That's your people's biggest fear.
And we've literally had to stare in the face of a bomb boy at times that anybody can imagine.
I mean, it's literally been over a hundred times in my life where I've had people hating my guts.
Over a hundred times.
A whole group of people.
100 times in my life where I've had people hating my guts Over a hundred times a group of people everyone's worst fear.
Yeah, what year did you start?
84 Wow, so you were in the boom boom.
I came in a year was like a little after the boom Yes, the boom was kind of like dying off like that But that boom in 84 must have been bananas.
Well for me.
I was new so we didn't even think of it We just let all this life, you know?
Right.
And suddenly, like, two years in, you're making money.
Not a lot of money.
It wasn't like, boss, and I always say, we're a director of the last time.
I have my clock paid, real money, and all the guys were getting robbing us.
And, I mean, just imagine, I tell people, I'm a comedian, they go, [2:20:05] what?
You're a comedian?
What?
Like it would just blow people's minds that you were in comedy.
And then a few years later, people were like, oh my cousin's a comedian, so it's all right then.
Yeah.
But at the time, it was blowing people's minds.
Did they have open mics when you started?
Oh, yeah, that's the only way we get on.
Yeah.
How many what where'd you go?
Where's the first place?
The paper moon.
There's a place called the paper moon any bril was running this place any Brill.
Yeah, so paper moon we started working out there.
I started working out there You know and weasel my way into it and started working out and I would bring crowds Where was the paper?
I was a good I was a good bringer.
Yeah.
I bring all my friends because I grew up in New York.
Right.
So my friends show up, you know, where was the people?
On West, it's where the boys in comedy club became.
Oh, wow.
Downstairs.
Downstairs.
Downstairs.
Oh.
It was really cool.
Boston comedy club was a great spot.
We were so innocent.
Yeah.
We just thought, So we had a sound guy and we were like, hey, we're gonna do a film, we tried to do a film, [2:21:05] and everybody's so innocent.
You saw it, you know?
I never wanna do it again, but I'm glad I did it.
Yeah.
We met starting something like that from scratch.
Imagine at your age trying a new thing.
Yeah, people do do that, it's crazy.
Like how do you have the energy?
I guess it's their dream.
Yeah, you can't, you can't, what did you say to this exactly like the energy to sustain all those drives to bomb for bad money and then like you said, you had a day job.
And also I had a day job too.
You had to make it because you didn't have any options.
Yeah.
The only way you were gonna make it is if you had options.
My friends that all kept a full-time job and didn't give up on that job, never made it as a comic.
I don't know one who kept the full-time job and then got to a certain point in time where they could retire from the job and then maintain the same level of comedy as their peers.
No one did.
But a lot of people didn't make it.
[2:22:00] And they were funny.
Yeah.
But they just, they, it's so many layers.
I guess every job is like this, but we just don't know from commenter.
Well, that's just interesting talking to someone like you that I've known for so many years.
I think I first met you 30 years ago.
Yeah.
So it's like we've known each other for so long.
You need to think about how wild this ride where I was.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know, I mean, it's crazy.
It's crazy.
It really is.
And what's crazy with you're doing that, I think, is really interesting, is like, you're still doing stand up, but you've also decided to do these one-man shows.
Right.
And they're fucking amazing.
Thanks.
And are you, if you plan these, like, how do you, how do you, when you decide to make one, like the most recent one, like, how do you, do you set, do you have a theme in mind when you sit down, do you?
Well, what happened with this thing I just did was, I had a theme in mind and it just wasn't going away.
I wanted to, then I said, I said these psychiatrists, and I go, oh, that's my theme.
I want to do it in front of psychiatrists.
So then the theme, the show was built around psychology [2:23:07] and how we've cracked up as a society based on social media and everything else, two psychiatrists.
So I'm performing to them, but they set the theme.
They became, they made the theme exist by me thinking about performing for them.
So when you first set out to write this set, you decided you were gonna do it in front of psychiatrists.
No, I tried to do something else and it wasn't working.
And then I was gonna, the theme was gonna be, I don't know what the theme was gonna be, like small talk at one point, then social media.
And then I happened to accidentally do a show with four sort of psychiatrists who were in the audience together.
So I go, I kept referencing back to them.
Yeah.
And then suddenly I was like, that's what I wanna do is show them for the psychiatrist.
So how far into the creation of the set were you?
I mean, probably 50%.
Why?
But it all connects to psychiatry because it's all psychologically.
That's amazing.
[2:24:00] That's amazing.
And the ones you've done before, yeah, like- Goes the theme, yeah.
And you do, like how do you do it?
Do you sit down and just write it all out on a computer?
Do you, no, I go out like the Constitution show is a perfect example.
I went every night to the Creek and Cave in Long Island City and we're back, I directed it.
So every night I go, because I was like, I wanted to show at the Constitution, because everybody loves the Constitution, on every side of every issue, everybody's like, Constitution is a great document.
So I just wanted to do a whole show on the Constitution because I was like, yeah, why is it great?
And so I just would work it out at Creep Cave all the time.
Just in front of four people, seven people, we're back all day, 10 people.
I never did it in front of more than 12 people probably.
Wow.
And eventually became the show, you know?
So you just didn't announce it, you were doing it, you just kind of show up and do it.
I announced it, people just didn't draw upward, but really?
No way.
[2:25:00] I've never been a giant draw.
I'm really a comic, comic.
If the whole world was comedians, I'd be the biggest, I'd be selling that statement.
That's what I'm saying, dude, you're one of the best comics alive.
You really are.
But I'm only for comedians.
I'm trying to talk to you and stay in tonight.
I didn't really know that I needed a coaxie last night.
I just didn't want to bother you.
No, I was just being like, I was being the guy that's not your in trouble.
Hey, I don't care if you're tired if you just ate you're going on stage now now I know the game.
I didn't know game I thought you just wanted to hang out something I didn't want to bump people when I come to clubs a lot of times I just want to hang out.
I just want to bump people.
I don't know you do you know bumping I know but I thought Ron my was coming's see if I can change it.
We'll change it.
We'll got a guy maybe tough.
We'll check Where you going again Seattle everybody's gonna see out.
Yeah, yeah, they get three needles It's a good spot and if you get at the right time they might take over the whole CD block You get to be a part of that over they did again in Portland.
Did they do it?
Reset another one Portland.
just did another one.
They took over something.
It's all over the news today.
[2:26:05] Oh, didn't get the love that one place did.
Would they call it again, Jamie?
The zone.
Oh, the chop chop?
No.
Yeah, something like that.
Something zone.
Shaf, chaff, chad, chad.
Chaz, chaz.
Yeah.
CHA Z.
Yeah, like Chas Bono.
Yeah, that's what it was.
It was like the Chas.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's it Probably the club Autonomous The fucking mayor got on TV and said maybe it's a summer of love like okay, baby What and then they boom was either one a girl?
The lady and then the guy from Portland was trying to join in and they bought yeah they lit his house on fire they fucking they said you have to resign every afternoon comedy yeah cuz he tried to go along with them and then he's like you know what this bullshit we need cops like yeah oh yeah oh now you know you didn't know before you need a cops you're the fucking mayor holy [2:27:02] shit holy shit Not good kids.
Well, we'll see if I can change my flat.
I'll come back and change your fucking like goddammit, Conquan.
What's up, Boston?
I got a practice.
Well, there it is.
2024 cycle.
Yeah.
Yeah.
This is amazing.
Yeah.
This is amazing.
I love the set too.
It's fucking perfect.
Yeah.
That's just, that's the, you know, those gigs they have their band.
Yes.
Oh man.
You know, what is this on?
Is this on Netflix?
YouTube.
YouTube.
Beautiful.
And it's out right now.
Yeah.
It says, what is it called?
Colin Quinn.
Our time is up.
Our time is up.
You know, therapists always go our time is up.
Bam.
Beautiful.
Do you think there's a good name we should have called it?
No, it was gonna call it a 50 minute hour.
They say that about therapy too.
No, some.
This guy's a therapist, you believe it?
Yeah, is that guy a therapist?
He's got a whole therapist.
Really?
Yeah.
What?
I don't know why I have to blur out my sneakers.
What For real who blurted you so that to right yeah, yeah, that's ridiculous [2:28:09] Oh, maybe it's the light is something makes it more weird to blur it out.
That's weird Maybe it'd be good The fuck man, yeah, it is the light.
It's still away the light is shining It's the light it's the way the light is shining on the light of the speaker.
Oh, oh, it looks like it's blurred.
Oh, it looks like it's blurred.
It's just the box.
Yeah, yeah.
It's just the monitor.
Oh, thanks.
Well, I'll probably see you tonight.
Oh, hopefully.
Yeah.
Please come.
If you guys can do it, I'll do it.
We'll make it Quinn.
Okay.
Beautiful.
Thank you brother.
Appreciate you.
Thank you.
Thank you very fun always bye
================================================================================
Episode Title: #2144 - Chris Distefano
Transcript:
I never know what's going on with you.
This is like an act or this is part of the fun of being Chrissy D I mean no well Chrissy D was all fun in games.
Was?
Was.
Third person now Well, Chrissy D was all fun in games.
Was.
Was.
Third person.
Now we're coming into a part.
Two major things have happened here.
Okay.
One, I've re-found my love for Christ, and I'm back being Catholic.
I'm back in.
Nice.
Got two feet in Catholicism.
Okay.
We're back, baby.
And then the other thing is, is I made, I, I, uh, six months ago, I had this beautiful house, Staten Island, right?
Everything we wanted sold the house because I was having anxiety about doing a show at Radio City, swear to God, I, my brain couldn't process it that way, but through therapy, the therapist figured out and it's right because I checked on this with my girlfriend, and she was like, that's exactly what you did.
Got was very nervous about Radio City.
He didn't know where to put that energy, because it was a big show.
I'm a New York guy, big, biggest weekend of my life.
So I said, about two weeks before Radio City, came home and said, we're putting up the house for sale.
I want to be able to walk to a bagel store.
We can't walk to a bagel store at this house on Staten Island.
I need that for my creative process.
And my girl was like, what are you doing?
We just renovated our kitchen, delivered.
We just, you just poured money and this is our home.
I was like, I know that there's a bagel store, a .9 miles away that I didn't know about.
But you had a dream house.
I had a dream house that we put to our liking.
And I said, I couldn't, didn't understand it then.
I said, we're selling the house and I convinced my family because that's what we can do right [2:04] as comics.
I convinced them, I had them buy this story, convinced my girl, my family, what's gonna be better for us is to sell this five bedroom house.
Here's what we, here's the move.
We can sell this five bedroom house for about $300,000 under asking price.
We're gonna get out of this puppy.
We're gonna sell that.
We're gonna move to Queens where we can walk to stuff and bagel stores and being civilization.
We're going to temporarily live in a two bedroom apartment and then we're eventually going to move into a condo and life's going to be better because we won't have to care for these grounds anymore.
I want to throw out the garbage.
We'll be safe in an apartment.
People can come in the back window of our home and this will be the move.
And I did that and then the apartment that we had lined up fell through.
We left the apartment where we were living in because it had roaches.
Jasmine almost left me.
She was almost like, I can't be a part of your chaos and self-sabotage anymore.
[3:01] And I had to kind of really just say what the hell did I just do?
How, what, figure this problem out went back into therapy, turned back into religion, starting to find some answers.
And now we're living in a home that we're renting that we like and we're kind of settling in, but that I learned the valuable, I learned the lesson of self sabotaging the hard way, the hardest.
It's weird.
What's going on in my career right now?
Selling the most thick I've ever had, financially the best I've ever done, getting all these opportunities, was the worst version of me as a human being.
But not because I was just self-sabotaging after self-sabotaging and I couldn't, didn't know why.
Do you have friends that you could talk to about this stuff?
Yeah, but they're, you know, not, they call me gay.
You know what I mean?
Like they're old school New York guys that are like, I don't fucking know, dude, get a therapist.
And I'm like, well yeah, what I have to do, what I really felt like nobody could really help me with this.
I was like, I gotta I turn back to going to church.
[4:06] And I was like, well, at least I have like, if anything for me church is just an hour a week to just meditate and sit there, and I have nothing, I have no thoughts, I have no technology, I'm like this just me and whoever I think God is.
That's how I feel about it, but that chaos stuff, because people always, you know, Chrissy Chaos, I was actually living in it and I was like, okay, now what I've done, now I've hurt my family.
Now I've done a thing that's not funny.
Now I've taken things from my kids because I thought my kids would be like, oh yeah dad, like my eight year old, we had this moment, that kids are just kids.
I'm like, telling them, like, isn't this great baby?
Like, we can walk to the bagel store now, we can go to the park, we're not like living off the side of a highway and she was like, well, I love that we had a pool.
And I was like, yeah, but isn't it better that we can, you know, don't have a pool now and No, no, she was like honestly, she was like, we're did it for you.
So I'm happy that you're happy, but I miss my friends.
[5:07] And then I was like, oh my God, what the fuck did I do?
So I kind of have been like backtracking as much as I can, little by little, to try to like, re-correct these mistakes.
And now my family is more on board.
Now my family's like, hey, we're with you, we're with you, but we got to figure this out.
So now we're settled finally in a place and we're kind of falling in love with the neighborhood we're living in as time has went on.
And my kids are finding friends and all that and we're not going to take that from them.
I'm not going to be like, well, wherever we are now, we're gonna stay for years so they can build the bonds and the friendships that they need that I inadvertently took away from them without me even realizing.
Hmm.
Can I have those edibles?
So this anxiety ramped up when success ramped up.
[6:00] Yes.
So here, it's not like a therapist here, but is it because you're worried it's gonna go away?
Is that the anxiety?
Like what is the anxiety?
Like what is the fear?
No, it wasn't any of that.
It was, I believe I have confidence.
I believe that I'm in this business.
I can do it.
And I believe that we're all together now, especially how comedy is now.
I feel like we're all together now, especially how comedy is now.
I feel like we're all like this big brother, sisterhood, like we'll help each other.
One of us is falling like we got each other.
I believe in that.
But I think that the actual anxiety of the day of, you know, again, being a New York eye one night radio city the next night, the theater at MSJ, all these for me a lot of tickets, you know, 10,000 plus tickets, which is huge for me.
I was like, how am I gonna balance all this?
What if I don't do well?
What if, what if, what if one of these 10,000 people realizes that I'm, thinks that I'm some kind of fraud, thinks that like, hey, one is going to always.
[7:03] There's always people that are gonna find some negative thing and anything.
So now, now, I've gotten to that point to accept that.
Wildly different, not wildly different, but I'm much better now than I was in September when all this stuff was going on because I've just kind of accepted that I don't really have control of what others think.
Maybe you need a thing other than just comedy that you do.
That's not like career oriented, like a hobby.
Like some kind of other interest that you really enjoy that you could focus on.
So what I did, I'm getting, I'm trans people, so it is.
That's what I'm, yes, trans people.
I'm really into wiki feed for specifically trans women.
And so, no no what I think is Well what I've done because I haven't gone to the hobby yet what I've done is I've really I thought I was always focused on my kids always being a father is everything to me, but I said What you just said I said I said I'm gonna really just focus on being a dad being home [8:03] Coming off the road a little bit.
Just temporarily doing my thing in New York, keeping my podcast going, keeping my name out there, but not going on this national tour, getting away from that.
For now, I've shot a special.
It's going to come out at the end of the year.
I'm like, be home.
Be with the kids.
Be picking them up.
Be at the park with them.
Focus on, like, give yourself a schedule.
I'm a comedian from nine to five, and though, or nine to three, when you pick up your, and then when you pick up your kids, just for now, you just be with them, and then, and that's really helped.
And now, like last night, I was at your club, which is awesome.
I was at your club, and that was the material that I was, because I've been writing, but I was like, I don't wanna try a brand new thing right here, I did one new thing, but I was like, oh wow, I felt like that little mental experiment helped me, like I was so excited to be on stage again, I've found like reconnected.
And you, something that you do that I noticed last night, and I was like, huh, you know, how much there's really nothing more you can [9:06] do in comedy, right?
I mean, you've done everything.
The biggest you can get is you've achieved, which is beautiful, but I still saw you yesterday obsessing over your hour and thinking about like, how do I make that joke better?
Which is why you've gotten here.
And I've had that question in my head yesterday and got it back to the hotel.
I was like, do I have that?
Do I?
Is it okay that I don't have it like Joe?
It does that mean I'm gonna not be successful?
Does that mean I does that kind of?
Are we all just different because I love comedy?
But I was like, I don't know like I just shot a special and was like, you know what?
I need some time off where I don't know that you've ever done that, right?
I mean, you've never taken a big break from standup.
Well, I took a big break during COVID.
Right.
But other than that, you've always been like, you have a love and a passion that's, you're not worried about, like you're never looking at your watch, being like, isn't hour up yet, you know, when you're podcasting, you're never being like, I gotta get an hour, you just flow.
You're just freeing the moment, flowing with passion, which is very atom-er-aboling and I look at that sometimes and I question myself [10:05] and I'm like, do I have that?
I know I've been relatively successful in this and I do love it, but I'm like, do I have that?
I wonder if therapy is not a good thing for a person like you.
Okay, why do you think?
Because I've never heard that.
I wonder if like, obsessing about your problems makes your problems bigger and that maybe you just need another thing to focus on that maybe alleviates anxiety, like some kind of like a hardcore workout thing.
Okay, do you work out?
Yes, what do you do?
Well, yesterday, yesterday I did hot yoga.
That's great.
Yeah, just because I was like I was on the plane, I wanted to do the hot yoga, dripping sweat.
That's a great, crazy.
And then today, today I ran two miles and then I did with 30 pound dumbbells.
I did one burpee, one press, 10 times, ramped that up to five.
So you know, went all the way up to one, two, three, so it was a lot of burpees with that.
Then I did farmers, carries, ball slams, [11:02] thing I was dripping in sweat, I was trying to do that.
So I wasams, thing that I was dripping in sweat.
I was trying to do that.
So I was thinking, it does.
I always feel after a workout, great.
Cause I was an athlete.
I played basketball my entire life.
To the point where my friends from home are like, you never mentioned basketball and that's the thing you were known as in the neighborhood.
Everybody knew you as basketball.
They used to call me gums, because I have big gums.
So they would call me gums, but they would call me dirt, you know, little dirt.
Like basketball was my whole life.
Big gums?
See how they're, see how they're kind of big.
No, you're doing that, I could do that.
No, I know, but when I fly, like they're just, I have ginger vitus too much.
Well, they really do.
Yeah.
No, they used to call me gums.
I mean, I- Those people were rude.
I've had the same size head and teeth since I'm seven.
So I've always looked kind of weird.
You had grew into your teeth.
Yeah, I was just born with this big fat head and big teeth.
But they, so basketball was an obsession.
Then physical therapy, getting my doctor's degree was in obsession right and then comedy became an obsession and i think i have this thing in my head right now i have to stay in the present but sometimes [12:08] i can't help it where i'm like well is this your obsession ending now and you're going to find another obsession yeah that it's the thinking about the negative possibilities right that are dangerous right you know i think you on put posted this on twitter that uh...
having anxieties, literally, like having a conspiracy theory against yourself.
Got it.
That's pretty good.
Yeah, that's what I can see now.
Because you're like thinking, oh my God, what if this all falls apart?
Right.
So you're dwelling on that.
But it's not falling apart.
That's the thing.
Which is what I don't understand.
Which is weird, because yeah, cause I feel confident.
I don't feel like, I don't feel like help me.
I feel like I can figure anything out.
Right.
I'm a biological male.
Do you think that maybe the worrying that it's gonna fall apart is what keeps you on track?
Cause you're like, I can't let it fall apart.
You know, I have a family.
I have a lot of responsibilities, I have to keep killing, I have to keep doing great.
[13:06] Right, yeah, it feels specifically, yeah.
I feel like if I, I do feel like it's all on me with my family, nobody else in my family works and I take care of multiple family members, which I'm proud to do.
I don't feel like that's a burden.
I feel like this is great, this makes me feel, at times when I feel emasculated, that makes me feel masculine.
You know, when I'm like, oh, I don't know how to build anything.
And I'm, you know, I got my girlfriend here putting up sheetrock and I'm like, I can build fucking walls emotionally.
I don't know how to do anything else other than that.
I was like, at least I can, at least I feel like, you rely on me for that.
And I guess there is something in comedy, I guess because it's not like a day job, a daily paycheck coming in every two weeks, maybe that seeps in, but it's weird because I am very confident in anything I do.
I've always felt like my father would tell me from when I was a little kid, you control your part, [14:02] you control the output, not the outcome.
He said that to me a million times, you control your part, you control the output, not the outcome.
He said that to me at a million times, you control your output, not your outcome.
Just control your output and the outcome is irrelevant.
It doesn't matter if you win or lose, I don't care about that, how are you playing?
And so I feel like I control my output as best I can, but yet then I sit with these thoughts, kind of, you know, they eat at me sometimes, you know?
But and then maybe it comes out in weird ways where I'm like, well, I'll just sell my house or I'll, you know, I have a grid family thing right now that maybe I'll, you know, maybe I'll fall in love with the actress from Baby Ranger, I don't know.
Did you ever talk to anybody before you sold your house?
I talked to one of your friends.
I know.
And I got rid of a great mortgage rate.
I really fucked up.
So, but I take, I mean, I had three, I had like free money from the bank.
I really fucked up.
But I'm aware of that.
And I'm kind of saying along these lines, you know, I really fucked up.
I do believe I've learned the lesson.
I do believe that I would never do that again.
And I do believe it wasn't fatal for us, [15:07] but I was like, I really, like I've never been that guy.
I would manufacture problems in my brain.
I would say, oh, you know, this is an issue, but it's minor, it's not, it's self-obsessed, narcissistic, like disgusting, like Chris, get over yourself.
Self-obsessed bullshit, get over yourself.
And I would do that and then kind of tell myself, like you're being gross, stop Chris, like you're family, you have a pain in your big toe, it's not brain cancer, shut up.
And you know, your family needs you.
And then so I would do that, but then I actually did give myself a big problem.
I had two major problems, I had this house, Salon, then I had a family member who really was acting crazy, like crazy, crazy, crazy, where I was like, this is now a nightmare.
This has become an issue.
So I'm like, now for the first time in the past nine months, I'm like, you, you, one self-induced, one not, and you've created [16:03] now, how do you deal with this?
How do you think you created the problem with your family member acting crazy?
Because I enabled them.
I feel a reciproc- Specifically, how'd you do that?
I feel well because I was giving them money.
I was not aware that an issue was going on.
A good drug issue?
Yes, and I was allowing them to do know, like to do things and say things.
And I was just like, this is fun.
It's, it's chaos, baby.
And then, and then not realizing like, hey, man, you're affecting way more.
You're going to be the head of this family than be the head of this family.
They're going to follow your lead.
And you're a lead right now.
No matter how much you tell you, so I don't do drugs, I don't do drink.
I don't drink too much.
I'm, you know, stable, you're not, buddy.
Like you have to put your feet down right now and your family, you know, my eight-year-old is, she's old enough now to somebody, well, you know, somebody in her class would be like, oh, your dad's the comic.
He's pretty filthy, right?
So my daughter is now at an age where she's, you know, I've never mentioned them.
Nobody knows what they look like.
I'm not that.
But, but I'm like, oh, there's [17:08] responsibilities now.
There's, there's repercussions for things we're doing now.
My kids, they're not little anymore.
My 13 year old, I have 13, eight and two.
My two year olds obviously baby, but 13 and eight, you're going to have to now really, really, really get your shit together.
And I think that was scary because nobody really in my family, no male figures at least, even though my father's a great man, nobody really got their shit together, right?
I was like, I'm the only one who went to college, I'm the only one who pursued anything, I'm the only one who's ever even owned a home, you know, so even though I sold it immediately.
Pfft.
So how long did you have it for?
About two years and I sold it for way under my neighbor who I didn't consult with was like, why if you wanted to move, fine.
Again, it's that violence not for everybody, even though I love that, Nylon.
But you ruined the property value.
He was like, yes, he was like, what the fuck?
And he was like, you sold it.
Who the fuck did you sell this to?
And you sold it for hundreds of thousands of dollars less than it was worth.
And how did you do that?
[18:07] Because I just wanted to get out.
I just wanted to move.
So you just accepted the first offer?
Yes.
I just needed action.
My father was a, like his marriage with my mother got ruined because he was a hardcore gambler.
Hardcore gambler's anonymous root, like that's a scary disease.
Yes.
Gambler, gamble and my father told me, you know, even before I started doing this, my father's always like, you do not gamble, okay?
If I ever see you learning card tricks, if I ever see you knowing what gambling on sports, any of that, you're really gonna upset me.
And like, this is the only demand I have of you is do not gamble.
And what I believe has happened is I don't gamble.
I don't even know what the point spreads and the vigs that I don't know what any of that means because my phone and card games you could put cards in front of me.
I have no idea what's happening.
People talk about, you know, parlay bets.
I have no idea what's happening.
I don't know what it's a foreign language to me because I was like, I'm gonna do that.
But what I've realized now is, well, of course I'm gambling still.
[19:08] I'm just not playing card games and betting.
Right, you're just taking risks with your life.
I might be taking bigger risks with my life than he could.
Because now, he was gambled, yes, he lost his marriage to my mom, which sucks.
But whatever, he gambled, some guys wanted to kill him because he owed money, got 10 caravan, then he went to gamblers anonymous, and at least he was like, well, I have this disease, and I don't do it anymore.
And I respect my dad for that.
He got out of it.
But I'm like, man, I was going down this path where like how many more decisions was I gonna make?
How many more times is I gonna gamble?
Because I was like, I didn't realize, and this last nine months, I was like, wow dude, you really fucking are looking at it in the face now.
Like these decisions, I mean dude, when you're eight year old is looks at you, like what the fuck did you do?
That's all, you know, your mom and dad can tell you, [20:00] should even your wife and girlfriend can tell you, should which I all love and respect when your daughter is like, what did you do?
Why did you do this to us?
Right.
You kind of have this major wake up call where I was like, yeah, when I moved here, I was very lucky that my kids wanted to move here.
Right.
And it was lucky during the time that we moved.
There was a real clear reason because Ellie was fucked.
Right.
but and they love it here.
So I'm happy, but if they didn't, I'd feel fucking terrible.
And if I had sold the house like that, yeah, especially if there's a real bagel store.
.9 miles away.
Shout out, man, our bagels on stand out.
They had excellent bagels.
Shout out, man.
He just didn't know.
I didn't know it though.
I sold it back into the neighborhood.
I know, that's funny, Mike.
Girl was like, do you think we can contact the people who bought our home?
And buy it back.
And buy it back even though it's twice the mortgage rate and you'll have to pay more money like it would make us happy.
And I reached out to him and he was like, no, you can't do it.
And it's funny, I sold it to, you know, Staten Island's like a funny, it you don't know Staten Island, it's like an old school New York City neighborhood.
[21:06] It's like the only borough that is like, you know, kind of like more Republican than anything.
Like they are like freedom, like American flag, you will see American flags everywhere on Staten Island.
And Wu Tang Clan.
And Wu Tang Clan, right?
Wu Tang is on one part, but you know, and Staten Island.
Staten nylon baby.
And so they, you know, they're like when I moved in, you know, I come in here, it's me, you know, I'm Italian, whatever, but then my whole family's Puerto Rican and my neighbors for like the first two weeks, just because I didn't know, I told my neighbors that my wife was Italian.
I'm like, girl, it was a town not Puerto Rican.
I swear to God, I told the Puerto Rican.
And then my neighbor, who's a great guy, he's a doctor, he finally came over to me once and he goes, you know, we know, he's Puerto Rican.
He said, Chrissy, it's no issue.
I thought that that's what I was supposed to do.
And then I sold the house and again, it's not, you know, I sold the house to a Palestinian family, [22:07] which whatever, right?
Who, they were, they're very nice people, but I sold them it now, you know, they're proud of their country.
And then, you know, I sold them before this whole shit start popping off.
So now that same neighbor's like, wait a fucking go.
And it'll send me pictures and then it it's funny, because they have a flag outside and now my neighbor got American flag twice as big as there, it's just fucking stamping that.
So now I've caused a community conflict.
Community conflict.
Why don't you just offer more money to Palestinians?
Maybe they're uncomfortable there.
Now, well, so actually what has happened is when I contacted them is they have like multiple family members living in there now.
They have, so they're like, we can't, this is our house, like we have to stay, like we, they have a baby, they have a hole.
So, and I fucked up, but I do feel, I do feel [23:01] that we are getting out of it, and I'm confident in my abilities.
Are you going to go back to that now?
I have been looking at how does that stand out like.
Yes.
I have.
And we actually put an offer in on one last week.
You're a fun mess.
Thank you.
It's a fun mess because it's not the worst cut of mess.
If you were a gambling addict, that's a scary mess.
Or drugs.
Dr that's a scary mess or drugs drugs is a scary mess Yeah, yeah, those are scary ones because those they slip people slip away and then they find yourself at OTP Yeah, and they're fucking betting money.
They don't have and they just they get that rush Yeah, and when you see people that get that gambler's rush.
It's just like a drug addict like their eyes gloss over like they just need that fix They need that bet you've seen uncut gems right sure They just need that fix, they need that bet.
You've seen uncut, James, right?
Sure.
Whoa.
Phenomenal.
Phenomenal.
Yeah.
That will be so good.
So nuts.
Well, that's when I watch out my dad, my dad was like, this is what life was like.
Yeah.
This is what it was for me.
I knew so many people like that in the pool hall.
Yeah.
They were thing to watch because you realize like, oh, it's a drug.
You're getting a drug.
You're getting this weird anxiety fix.
[24:06] Right.
It's dopamine fix, whatever it is from gambling.
Yeah, and my father, like inadvertently, like, you know, my friend loves me, you know, loves me like a phenomenal father, right?
The divorce when I was one, you know, my mom, my dad lived on Staten Island, my mom all the way in Queens.
If you know, if you're not, that's like a two hour commute.
He couldn't, he didn't have a car.
It was taken the ferry and trains and never missed one visitation with me.
It was out all my games.
But even in the throws of the addiction, like he would take me to the OTV race track.
And I, I loved it.
He was like, we're going to watch the horse.
He's Chrissy.
You have a told me, you know, you could leave my mother's house, right?
Where she still lives and you could go to the right was church and to the left was the OTB racetrack, but kind of the church was like at a top of a triangle.
So you could go either way and get to the church and my father told me, you'd always be like, you know, when you're going to church with your mother though, you always go to the right.
[25:01] Okay?
You don't walk to the left.
Never walk past that OTB with your mother to the right because he knew that the dirt bags will hung out outside there at Newme.
And so one day we walked that way and they all started going out.
It's like, area is Chrissy good luck, y'all.
There he is, there he is.
And my mother was like, how do you know those men?
How do you know those men dad walks with me past that way and then she was like, you tell me right now.
Is he taking you into that OTB racetrack?
And then I like didn't know like, what the fuck to do?
I had that moment like, do I side with my mom or side with my dad?
And that was, I remember like, first time feeling like anxiety, but you know, I, one thing about, I just kind of always those guys know me.
But then of course she found out and I got in big trouble.
What?
But it's what it is.
God damn.
Dude, by the way, I love Austin so much.
I really do.
I got into the car today.
The send a car for me to come here.
[26:02] I appreciate it.
I get in the car, real real nice suit and tie driver And then he stepped in dog shit as soon as he got into the car He's walking and I see him go oh fuck and then he steps in dog shit And he's just driving in the car and it's not the entire car smells like dog shit And I said sir did you step in dog shit and he said yeah, I did and I was like oh Okay, he was like you want me to take my shoes off?
I can throw them out right here.
And I was like, you'll drive this car barefoot.
He goes, absolutely.
And I was like, no dude, it's okay.
I was like, you are willing to drive this car barefoot.
He goes, you're my customer.
I'll drive barefoot for you.
And I was like, what are you gonna do, man?
He was like, I'm a fine-a-paper towel.
And I'm a wipe down these shoes.
You better bet, you better believe in ankle smell like shit in here when you come back.
I was like, good for you dude.
Thank you.
But full dog shit.
Yeah.
Good people out here.
They're good people out here.
I mean, yeah, I mean, there's not jobs everywhere though, right?
Oh, sure.
Yeah, there's a lot of crazy people here.
Yeah.
Because crazy people, whenever you have a large population, [27:06] there's two million people in this area.
But that's not that much.
No.
No.
That's what's good about it.
It's like people aren't a burden.
Yes, because you have the space.
Yeah.
If you live in New York City, the thing with New York, I agree, and New York now, it never felt that way, I'm my whole life there, but recently, New York has become a place, still great, still my home city, but the problems that you would always hear about, like, people would say, oh, it's conspiracy, or like, you're watching that shit on the news.
Now you're actually seeing it.
Okay, so for 39 years, I never had one altercation, not one altercation on the subway or in the streets with any kind of mentally unwell person in New York.
There's a lot of crazy people, but they're not really fucking with deal.
[28:00] Three times in the past year, three times in the past year I've been physically Assaulted or like how to defend myself against a Mentally deranged homeless person one time was walking in the comedy cellar some guy came at me And like just put his elbow in my chest and I had to push him and he fell over a pile of garbage I just had to push him as hard as I can where I'm like I never dealt with that And now you're starting to hear people who like would always kind of never, ever, ever even think about like voting any other way, but the traditional New York way are like, I have to now vote another way because it's not safe for me anymore.
There's crime and the cops, I feel bad man, the cops, if I was in my, my lot of my friends are in YPD they're like dude we want to we want to fucking police that we can't I can't do anything my boy was telling me a story is like we were outside the projects right he goes and we see this drug dealer selling drugs right we see him he's selling drugs and we know he's right there selling drugs [29:01] we arrest him out right away out he goes then we saw him selling drugs to a, what we look like a 10 year old kid.
So we arrest him.
We arrest this guy.
We seeing a 10 year old child walk with the bag of drugs.
Arrest him back out.
He goes, so what do you want me to fucking do then?
I can't keep doing this.
Why do you think they're doing that?
Living in New York City.
why do you think they're letting people out?
Like right away, there's no cash bail, right?
Right, I was told that's by my police friends, I was told that's what it is.
It's that law is the big thing.
It's like this bail law to get out.
He said, which doesn't help anyone because I...
Why was it made?
I don't know.
I honestly don't know.
It's not well received though.
Nobody really.
You're gonna, in New York now, even the people who are wearing like 40 masks during COVID are like, I don't want my cities like being destroyed now.
So now I don't know if that changes in an election if people will vote what they, I don't know, but I'm like, I see it now for the first time ever.
[30:00] I'm like fully seeing people injecting heroin, fucking, it's wild.
Even my father who was like I grew up in you know my father was like I remember New York in the 70s and 80s which was like nuts like you know he was like you would get assaulted everybody had AIDS he was like you know this is scary in New York I'm more scared of this New York because you know he's an in the old New York you knew which neighborhoods don't go in that neighborhood, and then you're okay.
But this New York, I don't know where that shit's coming from.
It's gonna pop out of anywhere at any time.
And you'll have people that will hear this and be like, you're exaggerating, it's now true, I'm telling you, it's true.
I wouldn't run into it.
I'm telling you, dude, it's true.
And when you are friends with the police, you know the cops, there it's true.
Well, when you saw those illegal immigrants that came here that attacked the police officer and they were out on jail the next day, come on.
Flashing the bird at the cameras.
Like that's crazy.
You got someone who illegally enters from another country, assaults a police officer and they're right back out in the street.
Well, and by the way, nobody, like any race or religion doesn't want that in New York.
Like nobody wants that.
[31:06] That's not a thing that's like, oh, that nobody wants that at all.
So like, I don't know what it's gonna take to change.
I mean, I will tell you that like, a lot of New York is blame it on Mayor Bloomberg.
Like he's the most hated ex mayor Bloomberg.
He's the most hated person.
Really more so than the last guy than DiBlasio.
I'm sorry.
DiBlasio is what I meant So I'm sorry not Bloomberg DiBlasio is what I meant.
So I'm sorry mayor DiBlasio is is hated like he's hated more than Satan Like people just I was out of gym once in Park slow Brooklyn He was on the elliptical and he has a security guard standing by him He was the acting mayor and I mean people were just fucking trashing him as they walked by.
Just, I mean, outwardly trashing him because nobody gives a shit.
We were like, you, one guy was like, you fucking suck.
And by the way, that's a girls machine.
That's a girls machine.
That's what they said.
And I was like, it's not.
Nobody's ever said that to me.
Yeah.
They said it's a girl.
Are you still up to go machines?
dude this they wouldn't say to you but he said they said it was a girl's machine and I and I saw one of security guards go like this [32:07] you just did that little laugh and then but people hate him and they blame a lot of what's happened in New York on him well he was definitely a fool sure he was a weird fool first of all that's not his real name right he's not Italian the Blasio's not his real name is it's like some sort of a German name.
What's Di Blasio's real name?
It's like Wilhelm I think, isn't it?
Something very like Nazi.
William Wilhelm.
William Wilhelm.
Wilhelm.
What's really crazy is that video where he was doing that thing, trying to get people to get vaccinated, and then like you get a free burger, so he's eating a burger.
Did I go I love this.
Yeah.
Warren Wilhelm Jr.
Yeah.
And he just divorced his wife, which she also stole.
They said like $80 million or something.
That one missing.
Yeah.
That's gone.
So they hated her.
Now they're divorced.
It's one of those things though, where I just got to stay there.
[33:03] It's just home.
If I wasn't, yeah.
Well, especially after what I told you, I just did, I can't now uproot the family to Austin.
As much as I want.
I'm thinking about it.
Yeah, well, when I come here, I'm like, Are you renting right now?
We're renting right now.
I can't take my kid out of an edible.
Okay.
I'll do it This is only 10 cuz five puts me on my ass.
Should I eat half or eat the whole thing?
10 you'll be fine.
Are you positive?
No, okay?
Anything about you.
Thank you Then you like trans girls feet.
Yeah, I'm pretty positive about that.
I don't think you'd lie.
I wouldn't lie.
That's the one thing about me.
I make shit up.
I exaggerate shit.
One of my comedy stories and stuff.
Exaggerate it.
When it comes to shit like that, I won't lie.
Yeah.
I'll tell you that.
I believe you.
Um, this is a good place to live, but I don't think you should uproot your family again.
convince them once they come here and they really like it.
Well Jasmine, my girl has told me, you can move us again in five years, okay?
[34:09] Five years.
That's not a good time to move them.
Well, that's a bad time.
Why?
Because she's saying you're all, a 13 year old will be through high school.
Yeah, but then the other one, eight year old will be going into high school.
Yeah, you don't want to move them like at high school.
You don't think moving them in eighth grade?
I think before, just as my personal opinion, I might be wrong for whoever's listening to this, it's about to move their kid.
Cause listen, my family moved me to Newt and Massachusetts from Jamaica Plain for my first year at high school when it was actually good.
It was good cause Jamaica Plain was fucking sketchy.
Jamaica Plain, which is nice now.
It's like they've done, you know, as Boston expanded, like they sort of like made, they renovated a lot of plays from that.
Jamaica playing is a much more calm neighborhood.
When I was there in the 1970s, it was sketchiest fuck.
It was sketchy.
It was like, I think we moved there in 78 or 79.
[35:02] It was fucking weird.
You know, it was dangerous.
I had dangerous neighbors.
These kids were, they already haven't sex.
Like I was 11 and they were like, Jesus.
I remember this kid was telling me like, you don't even know how your dick goes in a pussy.
You probably think it goes in straight.
Am I good, doesn't?
He's like, it goes up.
I go, it goes up.
What?
I thought you know, I've never seen like a girls no girls had ever shown me the vagina I was 11 but they were trying to explain to me that it's like and I guess I wasn't I guess I wasn't 11 I guess I was 13 okay, so it was like we only lived in Jamaica playing for a year and a half Yeah, I think it was I think we moved there before school I think I went through the summer and then we went I went to school with So this is where I went to eighth grade I went to this like public school in Jamaica playing We didn't have any money.
We lived in it was a shitty area But the kids were like 17 in the eighth grade and they would show up for the first days of class than quit and [36:04] It was just like they were just they had dropped out so many times.
They hear they were, the age where they should be graduating and they're not even in high school yet.
Wow.
It was weird.
Is that what you think got you into martial arts then?
You feel like you had to defend yourself in some ways?
Well, I definitely felt super vulnerable, but I didn't get into martial arts until until the next year, but it was what you do Do you lose your virginity first again into martial arts first martial arts?
Nice.
Yeah actual sex sex.
I mean, I'd been Fondled by a lady she was 21.
That was 13.
That was a lot of fun.
That's interesting.
Yeah, believe it But nothing hardcore serious not like sex sex until I was like 16 16.
I was 17.
I guess it was almost 16 First time ever at sex went raw dog didn't pull out.
Yeah, I went in guide and know what to do.
Oh my first time We talked to you.
No very Catholic family wouldn't speak to me about these things I'm a dog not pulling out not pull out everyone's so fertile at that age [37:01] Dude and she's half Jamaican half half Italian.
Very beautiful.
Beautiful girl.
We actually were on the same basketball team.
We were playing basketball together and she had already had sex and I was a virgin and we had this sex and unprotected and I'll never forget.
She was, you know, like a do-rag on, she had done this before.
My mom wasn't home, she put this do-rag on.
She was ready to go.
She was ready to go and then she, you know, I couldn't really, I was so nervous I could barely get an erection, I just couldn't, it was impossible and then finally got it in and then I finally got it up And it was, she wrote, dude two pumps, bluish, she was like, you just come inside me What's I'm sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, and then I had this emotional swing where I immediately, I started hysterical crying the very first time I had sex.
It was the weirdest thing I can't explain it hysterical crying to the point where she you know comforted me and then within two weeks broke up.
Of course she was done.
She was waiting in two weeks.
I could in.
She was holding a breath.
Yeah and I don't know my therapist can't tell me why that happened.
[38:01] He's like that's a rarity.
I can't tell you, man.
Well, you're an emotional guy.
You're an emotional guy.
You were fucking 14 years old, but it's anxiety.
It's anxiety.
So thinking about a thing, the thing happens and you just overwhelmed and you don't know how to handle it.
So you just cry.
Anxiety for me is this interesting thing.
I know a lot of people suffer from it, but it's this interesting thing where I've connected Now, I used to lean into my anxiety, right?
I used to especially do in comedy.
I would like make it a thing, whatever.
I, Pandora's Box of Anxiety opened up for me on 9-11 because I thought my mom was dead.
This whole thing, so I couldn't shake that feeling for 10 years after that.
I could not shake the feeling of thinking my mom or anyone I loved, any woman that I loved, girlfriend or mom or aunt, if they did not respond to me within five minutes of a text, I assume they were dead.
That feeling of nine, every day came back because I was calling my mom no response, no response, every day coming back, coming back.
And so I would deal with that.
And then something happened where this thing, [39:00] I started to look at my anxiety like narcissism and like disgusted with myself to the point where, because I started to look at my anxiety like narcissism and like disgusted with myself to the point where, because I used to put out these videos anxiety Tuesday, talk about my anxiety, and people will still sometimes be like, oh, that anxiety Tuesday stuff, it helped me so much, why don't you do it anymore?
And I'm like, I hate that guy.
That guy was so pitiful, like because you were being worried about things that really didn't matter.
What I should have done and what I know now is dealt with that anxiety in a healthier way.
So instead of subconsciously selling my house because I was really nervous about a big show, I would be able to deal with that anxiety in a healthier way and make a better decision.
So I think like this relationship with anxiety is so big and swings in my life that I used to kind of let I'm trying to use the energy now to be like, well, how can you learn from this?
How does this build you up and how do you make better decisions, you know, by doing this?
So I struggle with that.
Do you have friends that you grew up with that also had anxiety too?
No, anxiety wasn't a thing that you could speak about in my neighborhood.
[40:02] So that's just only like you on your own develop this.
100% and then like I remember, my anxiety was so bad.
I played college basketball and I would text my girlfriend at the time to make sure she got home from work, you know, whatever, what she was doing.
And if she didn't text, I remember there was this one game where we were playing Brooklyn College, which was like a big rival.
We needed to beat them.
I was, I was, you know, one of the best players on the team.
I, I remember I would, um, she wasn't texting me back.
I foolishly texted her before the game, like when we're in the locker room and then thinking, okay, we're going to go in forups, 20 minutes, I would have to leave my phone in another room because the anxiety of like, is the phone ringing or not, I couldn't handle it.
So if I texted her and then I went and did something else for 20 minutes, I would say at the end of this 20 minutes, she's gonna have a text, she's home and you can relax, right?
Even though it was pure daylight and me, like she was always gonna be okay but my brain convinced me otherwise.
So one day she's not texting back and now the game has begun.
[41:10] So I'm playing this game like I can't even feel my body like I am paralyzed.
Truly I cannot feel my body.
My mouth is numb.
I'm having like a full panic attack but I am the lead player on a college basketball game that we need to win So so I don't know like what the fuck to do So I call a timeout I call a timeout over room my coach.
I'm like time a coach.
I just need a breather Okay, I say I'm just gonna go back into the training room.
I just want to take my ankle, which is normal Okay, I come back out I just I wanted to look at my phone look at the phone still no message still nothing You know turns out it was just a delay on the train and she whatever she's a 21-year-old girl She's not looking at her phone all the time right and I Come back and I have the phone stuffed in my pants.
Oh my god I stuffed it in my like tidy shorts and I played the game with the cell phones stuffed in my pants because I said the only way I'm able to do this [42:08] is somehow when nobody's looking, even though it's a packed college crowd, pull out this phone and make sure that she texts me or else I can't play.
I'm gonna be proud of this and I can't play.
So I had it and then I was playing the game, realizing this is worse, because now I'm waiting for the phone to vibrate, and every time I thought it was vibrating, it was, and I was just running in the game.
So then I stuffed it in towels, and the warm-ups, which was in a pile in the back of the bench, and they would call, coach would call time out, or I would call the time out, I did that twice, and get out, and then I would go over and look at the phone to see if she had texted me.
I dealt with this anxiety.
Then what happened was, I was, you know, we were kids, 1819.
I opened up to one of my friends about it.
We used to call them Bam Bam.
It's a big boy.
I opened up to him about it thinking, you know, whatever.
[43:02] Then what they did, again, back then not knowing anything about mental health, not really caring, being from deep and Brooklyn, what they did is they on a road trip, one time we were going to a game, they found a way to start, they star six, seven, called me from a, you know, unrestricted, not, it'll pop up nobody.
And they said, girl's name was Melissa, they were like, hey, we kidnapped Melissa.
Oh geez.
We have her in the trunk of our car.
She's gonna die.
Like everything that they, I confess to them, they said, and I had, and it was crazy.
My freshman year, when she also played basketball as well that, when I was a freshman, she was a senior, so we would always be in the same gym at the same time.
So I know anxiety.
I was 90% free throw shooter, 90.
My junior and senior year, when I was a better basketball player and better shaped the leader of the team, but she was not with me every game, 50% free throw shooter, because my brain, I couldn't feel my body.
And I somehow got people, my teammates, even though this, [44:06] I got all the way to Division Three All-American.
I was like, I'm my school's all-time leading scorer or maybe second now, but I did all this stuff.
And I was completely 100% absolutely having like this mental health crisis, like as anxious as I could be where I swear, I would never joke about this.
Like I was like at 21 years old being like, I'm gonna have to kill myself.
I'm gonna, I cannot live like this.
And nobody could help me.
My mother didn't know what to do.
Nobody, this was, you know, 25, yeah, 20 years ago.
I, there was no mental health.
Nobody knew that.
Nobody knew about like that.
I just dealt with every day reliving, I think my girlfriend's dead.
I think reliving that 9-11 Pandora's box and it affected me and to the point where like every relationship I had, they broke up with me because they were like, I can't deal with this.
To them, it was control.
And in a way, it was.
I was trying to control.
I wouldn't care about if they cheated on me.
Where are you?
I was never jealous about that.
I'd be like, go have fun.
Have sex.
[45:05] Let me know what biggest dick is.
I'm kind of into it.
I don't give a shit.
But I cared about their safety always.
And it was this thing I could not let go of.
And the biggest fear I have, the biggest fear I have, and that's why I'm trying so hard to work at this now.
And sometimes it's fucking exhausting when I'm trying so hard, is I don't want that anxiety to come back, and then I put it on my daughters.
Cause I don't want them, I don't wanna be their 18, 19, wanna live their life, and dads here texting them, and they don't write back, and I'm thinking who has my daughter?
So I worry about that.
That's the first fear I had when I held my oldest daughter, who's, you know love of my life I've held her and I was like what am I going to what's going to happen when she goes outside.
Which I know you got to stay in the present you can't worry about that but sometimes it it hurts me.
How did you get over this every day crippling anxiety to the point you thought you were going to kill yourself?
How did you get past that?
So what happened was is is I the only advice that I I did get from all a friend of mine who's my kid's godfather now, was like, you are so much better basketball player, [46:06] which is that's what I cared about back then.
You are such a better basketball player when you're single.
When you don't have a girlfriend, you are such a better basketball player.
And that's what you need to do.
So the only way at that time I could overcome it is to be single and to not connect to a girl in any way, shape, or form.
Because then if I was single, I wasn't worried as much.
Because my mom always would text me back, or if I call her, she was always pretty much home.
I very rarely dealt with instances where my mother was not responding.
Because my mom, she is thinking about me all the time with these girls, right Philly So would be like, I'm not gonna sit here and respond to this behavior, like he's nuts and I was.
And so that's the only way I could get over it.
Now, how I deal with it, like now my girl's out picking up my kids from school while we're doing the show, I just have a feeling what I think about now is, [47:01] if something was to happen, I can handle it.
I'll be able to, I'll be okay.
It's gonna hurt, but I'll be okay.
I've had enough life experiences where things hurt, but you'll be comfort, you can get through it.
And I try as best I can to tell myself, hey, your brain is a defense mechanism is always gonna give you worst case scenario for survival.
So just know that that worst case scenario is statistically the least likely thing is gonna happen.
And if God forbid it does happen, you'll be able to deal with it, you can handle it.
Where I think the anxiety for me the last time came, I don't know what to do.
I don't have the tools to help me.
If something horrible happens.
So life experience, therapy, all the things.
Yeah, but it's interesting what you said to me about therapy is I felt that way myself.
I was like, you know, sometimes I feel like I have, we all have issues, but I'm like sometimes I'm just like bitching to my therapist and I'm forcing myself to talk about these things that I feel like I have a better handle over from like my own kind of, you know, meditation and just, you know, thinking, you know, like seeking out help from myself, listening to people speak, having life experience.
I'm like, I like my therapist, but I'm like, [48:06] I don't know, man, sometimes it's like, you don't wanna be the guy that's like, I don't need help, because I get it.
But I'm like, yeah, I didn't need this today.
I feel like you made me nervous again now.
I didn't need this at all today.
I was okay today, but it's Tuesday 1115, so that's our session.
That's what Abigail Shryer was saying.
I had her on and she had written a book about therapy and kids and that obsessing about problems sometimes can exacerbate the problem, make them worse.
So instead of just like allowing that problem to sort of go away and naturally recover from it, now you just rehash it over and over and over and over.
And then it comes, it comes, and over and over and that's no good.
It comes a thing that you're concentrating on all the time and that you're not developing the ability to be resilient and resilience comes from a lot of things.
You know, a lot of things like if you have bad things happening in your life, you can develop anxiety, but also when bad things happen in your life and you recover from them, [49:01] you realize you can recover from bad things.
Yeah, that's how I feel now.
I feel like I'll just, you know, I've been through it.
I'm like, I'm not scared of anesthesia anymore.
It used to be that guy that scared of anesthesia because I had to get a colonoscopy because I took a shit that looked like I had some blood in it.
And it turned out it was just a bunch of boys and berries,, he was like, he was like, he was like, he was like, he was like, he was like, he was like, he was like, he was like, he was like, he was like, he was like, he was like, he was like, he was like, he was like, he was like, he was like, he was I feel a pain in my chest, my stomach, you know, whatever.
Like I had gas once in my stomach and I had shows in England and I got, I literally went from literal gas pain because you were eating all this British food, just a minor gas pain that was gonna go away in 10 minutes to brain exacerbated it into potential appendicitis.
[50:01] I'm across the ocean.
So now I have three more shows left.
So what I'm gonna have to do is figure out a way to get home preemptively.
So what I'm going to do is I called the venue.
I said I have an emergency.
They said, what's the emergency?
I said, my stepmom died, which wasn't true.
And I got on a flight.
No, you did it.
I swear to God.
And I got on a flight didn't tell the other people on the show, God on a flight and God home, because when I landed back at JFK, my stomach pain went away.
And it was all in my head to begin with, because what I was saying was at that time was I'm gonna get my appendix removed over here.
I might die in the hospital.
I don't know how I react to anesthesia.
But now, but now that wouldn't happen.
Now what I would say, if I got to pen the site is feeling right now in the show what I'd say was, well, if that's gonna be the case, you'll deal with it.
You know what anesthesia feels like.
You won't know about it anyway.
We have enough modern medicine here where, if this thing got really bad and this was like, you're gonna die, you have enough medicine here where you can make this as painless as possible.
Are you the headliner of these shows?
[51:05] Yes.
Oh my God.
They weren't selling, but still.
She's the first.
You know, I wasn't selling anything, but I still was the headliner.
I let people down, and you know, and I had to apologize to my stepmom and I said she died.
The other people were with you.
Did they fly over there to do those shows too?
No, they were from the UK, but I missed, all I ever wanted to do was see the beach in the UK.
I've always been obsessed with like, I wanted to see the water in England, and that's what the day I left, they had a beach day.
And I left, because I was like, I have stomach pains and I flew away, because my brain would get the best of me, but now I'm different.
Now I'm say, well, don't know how to handle that.
I know my brain thinks so different than yours, but it's hard for me to But isn't it interesting then we can both but both of our outlets are comedy even though our brains are different because it's a really Defend my I do comedy because it's a defense mechanism.
I I that's why I do it [52:03] It's an art form to discipline.
I like it.
It's an art form.
It's a discipline.
I like it because it's interesting and it's fun.
I like it because it makes people laugh and it makes it's excites my brain to come up with new stuff to talk about.
But when you were young, but when you were young in like Jamaica planes and doing those things, would your defense thing to, would you always try to make people laugh from a defensive point of view.
See, I was thinking.
No, but if you talked to like my friends from high school, they wouldn't have told you I was funny.
They thought it was a psycho.
Got it.
I'd gotten obsessed with martial arts when I got to high school, and that's all I cared about.
That's all I wanted to do.
And back then, I just was a drawer.
I was an illustrator I did a lot of comic books.
Left handed?
Right handed.
You know what me and many people are good drawings, who are left handed, who are right handed?
Really?
Most of my lefties.
Well, lefties are really good at a lot of things.
Yeah.
I think lefties learn things easier.
I don't know how easier, but they seem to be better at learning things.
I mean, this is a gross exaggeration.
There's a lot of left These are really good at boxing.
Some of the hardest sparring rounds I ever had to do [53:05] were with left-handed guys.
It's a different angle.
You're looking at things totally different.
You're open for stuff that you're not, like you're open for a straight left.
The right jab comes from a different place.
It's harder to manage.
It's weird.
Your brain gets used to a guy with a left hand in front and you're standing and you're moving around with them.
As soon as the right hand's in front, you're like, oh shit, it throws everything off.
They're really good at pool.
A lot of like world champions are left handed.
Like some of the best players in the world are left handed.
Not all of them, a lot of really good right handers too, but there's something about left handed people that they seem to excel at stuff.
I've never played pool once in my life.
Good, don't do it.
You think I should, is it?
It's like golf.
Don't get it.
Oh, golf either.
If you get into it, the problem is, it's the problem with pools, if you get into it, it's so engrossing.
It just takes over your mind.
Everything.
It's like, it's so difficult to do.
People don't understand to play really good pool.
Requires this insane level of concentration.
[54:06] It's sort of like a meditation.
You're thinking about so many things.
You're thinking about the exact amount of revolutions you're putting on the ball, the angle that ball's gonna come off.
What is gonna come off with spin?
Are you gonna put checkspin on it?
So it shortens the angle?
Or are you gonna put running English on it?
So it lengthens the angle or you're gonna put running English on it so it lengthens the angle.
You're gonna hit it soft or hard.
Where do you want to get for the next shot?
And then where do you go?
Want to get for the shot after that?
Which is you have to play three balls in advance.
Oh my God.
I'm out already.
Yeah, and it's all this geometry and you have to understand angles and collisions and...
What about chess?
Feeling that's another one.
Like I'm scared to do it.
I remember when Howard Stern got really into chess.
I was listening to the show and he was taking chess lessons and all these different things.
I was like, oh, that's one of those things like in Boston.
One of the things that I noticed is the guys who were really into golf, their career suffered because they weren't really thinking about comedy.
They were thinking about playing.
They wanted to play golf.
[55:01] Comedy was like their job that they would do so they would have money and during the day they would play golf and golf had become their thing.
That's interesting because I thought you were going to say it feels like the guys who I know who play golf have bigger careers because they're making these connections with people on the golf course and getting these things.
Well that could happen too.
I mean that's certainly a business thing.
Golf is a great business game.
If you're into business, you almost have to play golf.
This guy's like to do deals and talk about things on the course.
You get to know a person on the golf course.
Just like you get to know a person playing pool.
You get to know how they can handle pressure.
What kind of a person they are.
Brian Callan famously told me this story, where his mom was watching this guy that his dad was going to do business with PlayGolf and they got cheated at golf.
He moved the ball and she goes, don't do any business with him.
He cheats, remove that ball.
He moved, he's a liar.
Like she was right.
Yeah, she was right.
But there's a thing that you can see when a person plays pool or plays golf, [56:02] you see their character.
Yeah, that's like my father has a rule.
If you're a fan, if you're grew up in a city and you're not a fan of that team, you're a fan of a team from another city, he doesn't trust you.
And he never will.
He just won't, and it has nothing to do with his team.
That makes sense.
He just says, what kind of traitor of a person are you, that you wanna live around people who hate you because of your fan choice.
Unless he said the only caveat to that is if their father was from Pittsburgh, and your a dire at Steelers' Fan, you moved to New York, I get that.
But if you're just, you're the guy that just wants to go against the grain, his advice is no thank you.
I want nothing to do with it.
Which that's pretty good advice.
Yes.
That's a pretty good rule to live by.
Sure.
That's like someone who's in your tribe that secretly wants to be in another tribe.
Yeah.
The only thing me and my father disagree on is like right now I'm wearing a match shirt, right?
And the only reason I'm wearing this is because I'm gonna be honest with you.
I jerked off today.
I was coming in a little heavy.
I was a little anxious, whatever it happens.
And then I kind of just let it sit there on me.
[57:07] And I got up and the shirt that I had was at the edge of my bed that I was gonna wear.
And I got up and it just leaked, fell onto the shirt.
So I was like, this is the only shirt I have.
So I threw in a med shirt, knowing that some of my friends back home are gonna be like, you're a fucking meds fan now?
I thought you were a Yankees fan.
And I'll thumb as that, cause they're both from New York.
That's my thing.
For me, it's, I'm New York.
I read from New York.
But from New York.
People who use Android phones.
Yes.
But you're a rebel.
Yes.
It's true.
It's true.
Bronx, Diane Yankees, but Metz fan, the owner of the team, Steve Cohen, right?
He's, you know, big owner, you know, whatever.
Really nice guy.
I did in the pandemic.
I did his 60th birthday party.
Oh, no.
Private party, right?
In a room like this.
Did it suck?
Here's what happened.
So.
This sucks.
Pff I can't wait for this video.
[58:08] Okay, so here's what happened.
All right, so.
So, all right, I get a call, right?
You're gonna do this show.
What happened was, I talk, my, Jasmine, my family's Puerto Rican my kids are Puerto Rican I have material about having this Puerto Rican family, right?
Steve's wife is Puerto Rican, okay?
They have a 60th birthday party and What I thought the birthday party was gonna be was him and his family.
I'll do my Puerto Rican jokes You know the wife will like it, you know, whatever.
It's 20 minutes, great money, it's cool opportunity, do it.
It's a challenge, right?
It's the pandemic not much going on.
They rented out this restaurant, nobody's supposed to know about it.
It's like in the back room thing.
So I go.
So I get there and it's him and his 10 friends.
[59:02] All guys, just all guys sitting at a table like this having dinner, they do not know comedy's supposed to happen.
The wife thought it'd be a good idea to get a comedian in there for his 60th birthday that she wasn't invited to, because this was a guy's thing.
And so a 60 year old billionaire doesn't know who the fuck I am.
If you're gonna have comedy, have Jerry Seinfeldinfeld have Joe Rogan have somebody that they know They have no idea so the the guy who you know was like Steve's assistant who the you know has to answer to his wife I think his name was Ned.
He goes.
Um, are you the comedian?
I was like, yeah, he goes all right He goes up.
What's your name again?
And I was like it's's Chris DeSephano.
I thought like Mrs.
Cohen knew me.
She was like, yeah, she's not here.
Like that's, it's all guys in there.
I said, well, you know, do you not want me to do it?
He goes, no, she already paid you.
Like I, you have to do it.
So I was like, okay.
So I no microphone, there's no lights.
He goes, we were thinking, he goes, [1:00:05] he goes, they just got served their enthrase.
So we were thinking you can just stand in the front of the table and do a few minutes.
So I was like, you know that this is going to be, this is a nightmare.
And he was like, it doesn't feel like they're going to like you.
So.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
I'm so mad.
My hands are sweating so.
So, Ned, Ned goes, listen, they just got the on trays.
Just go out there.
And so I swear, I'm not, I swear to God.
I told him my name three times.
He goes, he goes, all right, Steve, you know, your wife had a nice little surprise for you.
We got a comedian, we got a fun comedian, and he goes, and he goes, so here he is, and he goes, Chris, Chris, and then one of the guys went, Chris Rock, is it Chris Rock?
And then he goes, no, it's not Chris Rock, it's Chris.
[1:01:01] What's your last name, kid?
And I was like, uh, a de Stefano.
And then as I'm walking in, somebody goes, who the fuck is that?
And so I walk in and I get up there right away and I was like, hey guys, I know this is probably not what you wanted.
I can leave right now, but I have, you know, if you want me to do some jokes, like, you know, I'll do them right now.
And then one guy was like, yeah, do it.
He goes, but make it quick.
So I was like, okay, this is good.
So I go out there and Joe, I am fucking bombing.
Like you can't imagine.
Like a full zero.
All you hear is knives and forks hitting the plate, people chewing at some point.
I don't know who threw it.
A shrimp bounced off my chest.
Somebody hit me with a shrimp and they're dying in the back of the table.
Tommy Matolla was there, who the famous record producer and was married to Mariah Carey.
So I go, I go, Mr.
Matolla, I'm a big fan of your ex-wife.
[1:02:02] I love their work.
He goes, yeah, I bet you're a big fan of cock too.
Big laugh, you know, like I'm like, oh my God.
So then finally, the only person laughing.
I'm told, don't you get the biggest laugh of the room?
Crushed.
You know, the only person laughing is Steve Sun, who's 30 years old, who's become a friend of mine, Josh, great guy.
He's laughing in the corner not at my material just because he's like this because he knew my podcast.
He was like, oh my god This is crazy So then Steve Steve finally goes he goes listen to me He stops he goes he goes I'm doing a job.
He wasn't very nice.
He goes, okay He goes uh what did my wife tell you and I said well, I'm you know mr.
Cohen she told me just come out here birthday gift for you You know do 15 minutes and, you know, like just, you know, just do the best I can.
And she thought you'd like me because I talk about the Puerto Rican kids and all that.
He goes, yeah, yeah, that's, I'm not Puerto Rican though.
I was like, no, I know, I know.
And he goes, how about I did the David Letterman show a few years ago.
[1:03:05] He goes, oh, I know, I know David Letterman.
I said, yeah, he said, uh, he said, why don't you do that?
How about, and he goes, do that.
Do those five best.
He goes, I'm gonna tell my guys to listen.
Do those five best.
He goes, if you can get me to laugh in those five minutes, I I'll double whatever my wife gave you goes did you get it already she she I said yeah I think she wanted to my agent goes I'll double it whatever it is I don't even know what the number is all times to give me your best five so I just like planted my feet And I just to the wall didn't even look at anybody just did my exact David Letterman set Which is about being on the subway.
I just came back from England like shit from 10 years ago But I had it and I did it and they started to laugh and sure shit, that's what he did.
He doubled the money, turned out to be a big thing.
For me, and then what happened was, is I had to sign all these NDAs, not to talk about anything.
But you just talked about it.
Well, here's the thing.
[1:04:00] I...
I thought I'd to sign NDAs because it was during COVID times and they were like renting out a restaurant which like you really couldn't do back then.
So I was like, just don't mention that.
And I was like, and I thought it was really more for like you know They don't want reporters showing up to the actual event and then getting in trouble But it's like the next day who cares?
So I do my podcast the next day hey babe with San Volcano and I I start to show a dude I fucking ate it last night Here's the story right going crazy that episode comes out the next day We filmed it in the morning it came out that night so the next morning so two days removed from the Cohen gig I wake up.
I have 20 miss calls from my manager my agent lawyer.
I Wake up.
I'm like what the fuck happened?
So my manager gets on the phone He goes take down that episode dude take it down.
I said what he goes you broke you violated the NDA [1:05:06] You just said all these things about the Cohen gig you can't do that his lawyers are saying you're gonna get sued right now And they're gonna take you to court and they will not lose what and and then so I I just hung up the phone on him I was like I need a second and I just hung up I said what the fuck do I do because I'm like I'm not taking that shit down.
I, you know, it's comedy, whatever.
And then so I'm like, let me calm down.
Let me calm down.
So I scrolling on Instagram, right?
This is what we do.
Baseline scrolling on Instagram, like a fucking crocodile.
I'm scrolling and I see DMs from Steve's wife, Steve's daughter, Steve's son.
And I'm, hearts like this now, I'm like, oh, maybe I am fucked, cause like now the family themselves, it was all, I can't believe you talked about it, hey babe, we loved it.
That's amazing, my dad's dying laughing.
Come to a Met's game, throw out the first pitch.
The mom being like, I wanna meet your wife.
[1:06:02] Oh my God, thanks for mentioning that.
And I'm like, wait, what the fuck?
So I call my manager and I'm like, I have messages from the family saying that it's okay.
And then he's like, all right, hold on.
And then he calls, he says, send me those messages.
I sent in the messages.
And then within five minutes, lawyers backed off.
Because all the Steve didn't tell them to do that.
The that the legal team was just like, that's a violation.
I don't even check what Steve you fucked up.
And then it went away like that.
And then the family now has become like friends of mine.
It's like really, Cohen family owns the mess are like awesome amazing people.
It's like, it's almost, even though it's a big majorly baseball team, it's like when you go to the game, it's like, Josh, you don't even take a dude, come walking the back door, walking with us like so cool.
And now and then Steve goes, I'm going to let you redeem yourself.
And the baseball season goes, I'm going to let you redeem yourself.
Okay.
I was just at the game and he goes, here's what we'll do.
He goes, it looks like rain.
He was like, if there's a rain delay, I'm going to give you the mic.
[1:07:00] I'm going to put you on the jumbo, try and you do five minutes.
I'm gonna put you on the jumbo tron and you do five minutes.
I said, you want me to do five minutes to cold wet meps fans that are angry about the team not playing.
He was like, do you want to redeem yourself or not?
And I was like, I'll do it.
So, so we have, I think it's on my Instagram somewhere.
So we have, I'm wearing the on my Instagram somewhere.
Oh my god.
So we have, I'm wearing the Worshirt, like a floral printed stupid shirt.
My friends, I was sitting in the owner suite, right?
My friends, or diehard meds fans, they were sitting in the stands for this.
They didn't know this was happening.
So Ray and Delay comes, they have the meds announcer, again, who messes out my name, call me Chris Destalopoulos.
I'll never forget that.
She goes, Chris Destalopoulos.
She goes, I was gonna do a few minutes of comedy for you.
So, and then the camera's just on me.
And I don't even have a mic.
You know, one of those mics that you pinned to your shirt.
So I had that.
So I was like doing that bit where I was like, andifically bobbing.
Oh, yeah.
[1:08:06] Oh, my God.
So I'm, oh, my God.
Bobbing in front of, you know, 30,000 where when I got Steve Cohen by the way and his friends are dying, dying laughing because they knew that that was going to happen.
And then Steve goes, he goes, you're right, man.
You're good.
You're right.
And I was like, and then I got all these texts and my friends, my boy Pat was like, dude, I was in the stands for that.
Like, you know, a huddle dunder.
He goes, you were bombing.
He goes, I heard multiple people say they said there was a little kid started to cry It was horrific and he goes and you're sure fucking sucked and I was like and so So it was one of those moments, but I say all that to say that's why we're the match shirt I'm New York first and the Cohen family is awesome and the metter awesome and and [1:09:04] Yeah, it was it was like one of those things where a good thing turned a bad thing turned to a good thing No, it's hilarious dude.
It's it was dude bombing like Joe The one in city field was worse.
I mean that was worse because not only like I was in the control room When did you how but between knowing you were gonna have to do it and doing it?
How much time was it?
Less than five minutes.
Oh my god.
Jamie is there a way if you could like Christus Stefano Metz game bombing Flower shirt.
I put it on my Instagram.
I don't know if you can be able to find it But oh my god my abs, but dude it was it was And you know, it was the worst part is I was sitting in the in the control room.
That's where they have me go live from.
And I was bombing for the people in the control room.
They were just like looking at me and then they were still doing the thing.
Like, when are we back from rain delay?
I was like doing a bit, like, you know, like, doing like a clean bit and they were like, what, what it was in?
middle of my bit and the guy was like, buddy, shh.
I'm listening to the MLB.
[1:10:06] And I was like, oh my God, and I fucking ate it.
But, but they were, but you know, they were pretty nice to me.
They've been pretty nice to me.
But it was, it was bad.
And my friend Josh tells me, he goes, yeah dude, like I, you've ate, you've eaten it as bad as you can eat it.
Wow.
Then they had me come out for a fundraiser.
This was like in a comedy club.
I fucking bombed that.
And I was just like in a comedy club?
Not a comedy club, it was like a, it was the Paramount theater.
It was like a fundraiser.
But I had come out, that classic thing, where the one comic they have that nobody knows about comes out and I came out right after the video of the fundraiser for the kids with cancer and the mom and dad who lost their child to cancer and then I have to come out and Just be like let's forget about that and do this and so and then they had these polar bears on stage that were like raffle [1:11:00] Doftor like a thousand dollar stuffed animal polar bears for pitalonzo They call them the polar bears the best player on the Metz and I didn't know that so I was bombing so hard for the thing I just started throwing these polar bears into the crowd just to be funny And they were like that was five thousand dollars worth of raffle gifts You just threw into the crowd now and I was like um Sorry, I don't know what to do and then they were like well I, I don't know, like you might have to pay for that.
Like his, you know, and then I was like, all right, I mean, I guess if I have to do it, I'm sorry.
And then again, his dad was like, I fuck it dude, it's polar bears.
Just let him keep it.
But he was like, he was like, that might have been the worst one of all three.
I was like, thanks.
Oh boy.
They notice some gigs.
I do now.
Now I do.
Yeah, you can't do that.
Now I do.
You can't do either one of those three things.
You can't go on after a video about kids with cancer.
You can't go on during a rain delay when people don't know a comedian's coming and you're talking into this thing and then they're in or you can't do that.
You can't do a guy's birthday party with all of a billionaires, birthday party with no Mike.
They don't know you're coming, [1:12:05] they don't know who you are.
You can't do either of those things.
I wouldn't now, but back then, I mean, it was...
How long ago was this?
The pandemic, so it's like 2021.
Like where I'll start open up a little bit.
So that's three years.
And now, and how about this?
Now now because I've, you know, this is what I don't like.
Now, you know, because I'm, I just like the math.
I like New York, but because I've talked about the math and what the math's games, the Yankees people used to give me tickets, won't give me tickets to the game anymore.
They said, you're either with them or us.
So I was like, that's kind of a dickish move.
Wow.
You won You know, they won't give you tickets anymore.
They say you're either with them or us.
Yeah, I used to be like, my thing is what I've always cared about is like, I want to be, I love New York, right?
I want to be the New York, like a Colin Quinn.
That's a, I look up to Colin.
He's the New York comic, David Tell.
These are the guys, right?
So that's the aspiration.
So like going to the sporting means everything to me.
I mean, I wanna sell out Milwaukee too, but it's not, if it happens.
This is it?
[1:13:05] Okay.
No, no, that's not it.
That's just me being an asshole.
That wasn't it.
Go back to, this must have been 21 or 22.
I'm sorry, if you have someone.
So you'll find it.
Yeah.
It's me on the jumbo.
It's like, I'm on it'll look like a real ass hole.
But yeah, they won't, you know, like.
That's crazy with the Yankees.
They won't do it.
It doesn't make any sense.
They won't do it.
That's silly.
But so whatever, I just deal with it.
I still roof it up.
They're not even the same league.
Oh, yeah, it's dumb.
It's dumb.
One's, because, you know, you just deal with it, but what's the beautiful thing about comedy is, you know, when you put out the comedy work or the podcast is the players, the actual Yankee players, Anthony Rizzo, these guys, they've reached out and been like, oh, I like that bit.
So they're like, text me if you want tickets.
So that's good now anymore for the Yankees.
For the Metz, the Metz were like, dude, [1:14:07] we'll give you fucking dirt from the field, whatever you want.
So I kinda, you know, you go to where you're wanted, right?
That's just a normal life thing.
Sure.
Go where you're wanted.
Yeah, Metz, people are rebels.
Rebels do Mets outside of New York.
No, people think like the Metties.
Like if you think about New York, baseball, Yankees.
That's what everybody thinks outside of New York.
But in New York is the only place where people care about the Mets.
And you know what?
The Mets, I would say, the Mets fanbase is a more rabid fanbase than the Yankees.
Right.
The Mets, the M meds are they will follow you anywhere like the Chicago like Chicago the Cubs everybody loves the Cubs even though they they couldn't win everybody still love the Cubs yeah everyone loves the Cubs this edible sitting make by the way Chicago is a white socks too though right the white socks but they're kind of in the in the [1:15:00] in the not good part of town supposedly and the White Sox fans, like the Cubs, it's the Cubs are the Yankees in that city.
And are the White Sox the Mets?
The White Sox would be the Mets.
Yeah.
So it's kinda like, it's kinda that thing.
Oh, a whole lot of cities have two teams.
How many cities have two teams?
In baseball, well the Dodgers and the Angels, but the angels are so far outside, but that's one.
Anaheim, right?
Yeah.
New York and Chicago, that's really all I can think of.
And same with basketball, like, you know, like nobody really cares about the Brooklyn nets.
It's all about the nicks.
But LA is just the Dodgers.
Like Anaheim is a different spot.
Right.
That's almost like San Diego.
Yeah, it's far.
Yeah, it's far.
San Diego's got teams here though.
That they do.
The Padres, baby.
The San Diego Fathers.
I mean, San Diego's fucked now though.
I thought San Diego- My friends who used to live there say it's fucked.
They went back.
It's fucking tense everywhere.
Chaos.
Really?
Because I thought they were like the American Freedom first type Southern- Southern California city.
Well Well, there's a lot of military there.
I mean, that's the base of that.
You know, maybe seals, right?
[1:16:06] Yeah, there's a lot of bases there.
We did UFC down there, because it was always a place where there was, there's military bases, a lot of military, but then there's always fucking weirdos, you know, like Southern California, you know, and there's more of them than there are the military people yeah i i and they vote in shady politicians and i know and they let tense and all that shit happen how about a sandiego now uh...
i think my buddy just got back there i mean he he said it was fucking awful did you have to have the ten cents that's not some of their and he bailed they they realized like during the pandemic where the fuck out of my fucking feet are numb now.
From what?
The edible, dude.
I'm telling you, I can't.
It just hits me.
It's, I don't know if it's, if it's what it is, but it's my feet are numb and.
Don't think about it.
Do you think about yourself a lot?
Which is selfish and narcissistic and I don't like it about myself.
You just, can you just stop doing it while it's happening?
[1:17:06] Or is it just, does it overcome you?
Do you, but that's why I was thinking that maybe you needed another thing to think about.
Like another thing that you're into.
Like a thing that's like totally non-career related.
Like a, like, you know, like painting or cooking.
Something, yeah, yeah, yeah, something.
Yeah, somewhere we really get into that thing.
We think about that thing and like being better at that thing.
What about playing basketball again?
Sure.
That's a great one.
That's also a good one too, because it's physical.
Yeah.
And I think the things that you get into that are physical require even more, because it requires not just thinking, but it requires like execution.
There's like a physical thing that you have to do.
Yeah, I was gonna do boxing a few years ago and then the very first day I was there, a guy got into the ring and sparred and he was kind of being really like, you know, macho guy and he was like, I'm not wearing a cup and the trainer was like, we should you know, we should wear a cup.
[1:18:01] He was like, I'm not doing it.
I'm not wearing a cup.
I'm not wearing an egg.
He got hit in the nuts and his testicle came out of the scrotum.
So that was my first 20 minutes there.
So I was like, I'm probably not going to do this, even though I know that that's not most likely going to happen to me, because I would wear the cup.
But I do that thing just because you just, you know, it just gives you, it makes you uncomfortable.
But that's what happened to me.
Yeah.
But I do wanna, I do, I do envy.
I do feel like I don't, I should know about MMA because not only is it such a cool sport, you can defend yourself.
Also in the comedy community, it's big.
I mean, the only fight I ever went to was a, the PFL fight that, that, that league at the theater at Madison Square Garden and the fans, they were, you know, I had never been, I don't know anything about MMA.
It was a lot of recognition from the pods because they were like, it's all one community.
And so I was like, this could be my golf.
[1:19:00] This should be my golf.
This is what you should get into, not comparing that.
I mean, I'll be very good for your anxiety though, for sure.
Because it's very difficult.
So it makes the rest of the day a lot easier.
Because when I tried one jujitsu class and I felt like I don't even know how I don't blow out my knee.
It's a statistical impossibility.
I won't blow out my knee.
I'm gonna, of course, this guy's gonna fall me and I'm gonna blow out my knee.
But do you just deal with that and say, I'll get over that?
Or you just learn ways to not blow out your knee?
Well, I've had my knee blown out.
I've had three knee operations.
So I'm just gonna have to accept that if I wanna move forward to MMA, you're doesn't happen as often.
There's a lot of stuff you could do to mitigate that.
Also, just roll cautiously and be smart about it and don't roll crazy people.
You see wild people that are just way too aggressive and explosive and just do it in a haphazard way.
Don't fuck with those people.
So you, because it's become second nature [1:20:02] to you how to do these things, but someone like me who has a bit of fear just from being older and not doing it, like my father learned how to drive when he was 45, so he's just a terrible driver and can't drive.
Even though he's not scared of life stuff, he's gone to fist fight stuff, but he's like, I can't drive.
I learned how to drive when I was 17, I'll drive with one arm, I'm in control.
So I feel like that way with MMA.
It's like, now I've developed all these bad things that can, you know, you think, and I'm like, I can't do this.
I can't even get into this.
The thing about MMA, if you want to get involved in that, and it's the same thing as if boxing.
The thing is getting hit.
And getting hit is not a small thing.
It's a big thing.
And it's a bigger thing than people want to pretend it is.
Getting hit in the head is really bad.
And you're going to get hit in the head.
And you're going to get hit in the head quite a bit in the beginning because you're not good.
And people, especially if someone is sparring you and it gets aggressive, and you're going to get hurt.
And that's just fact.
That's just if you, especially if you're sparring.
Now if you're just learning skills, you can just learn skills with people.
If you have a really good place that they can show you how to hit myths, you can hit [1:21:08] the bag, you get a great workout, and you don't actually spar.
Or if you do spar, you spar with an instructor who's going to be very gentle.
So they're just going to be touching you.
They're just going to be tapping you and explaining that you don't have to hit hard.
You just have to use technique.
When you hit hard, hit the back.
You're not a professional, you're not thinking about taking on fights.
There's no reason for you to get busted up.
Let's just work on your skills.
Got it.
So in some ways then, it's like my fear of getting over anesthesia when I got the colonoscopy.
You just gotta get hit a little bit and you'll get over the fear.
You'll understand you a little hard.
Like it's guys hitting hard.
Then you start hitting each other hard.
And next thing you know you're fighting.
That happens all the time.
That is all the time.
So sparring oftentimes turns into like a real fight.
Yes, I have big gloves and pads on.
And I've only ever been in two fist fights my whole life, my first fist fight, I punched this kid, glend in the face thinking I'm gonna knock him off his bicycle and I'll win and he didn't even move a muscle [1:22:07] and then he beat the shit out of me.
And then the second fight I got into was just like a bar brawl and I got hit but I got hit like in the back shoulder.
Wasn't too bad and then I just kind of, I never really got beat up.
Hard, like you know, like, I know.
But it's not necessary.
You don't have to get beat up.
But just learning how to defend yourself would just help for sure, help anxiety.
And it's like, for a lot of people, it's like meditation.
It's like medication, in fact, for a lot of people.
And Jiu Jitsu is a really good one because there's a possibility of you getting injured with any combat sport.
It's possibly if you get an injured.
But, Jiu Jitsu, at least you're not getting hit.
Jiu Jitsu is clenching and chokeholds and arm bars and leg locks and stuff, but you can learn those things.
If you do it with a good school that has a good ethic about them, you could do it pretty safely.
Yeah, because I'm a person, we talk about it, we get excited about it, but sometimes I don't put these things in a practice, even though I know stand-up is you're doing a different, we're doing difficult things here, but other things I'm like, [1:23:08] like for example, when I, you know, in the middle of the pandemic or whatever, 2022, some time around there, I got nervous about, I got a, I don't know how to fight, I got to defend my house, and there was at times talks of, to some type of what if a nuclear bomb went off here because things are getting tight with Russia before they invaded Ukraine.
So I came home one day with a night vision goggles, a 30 day supply of powdered fetishine Alfredo and a gun.
And I don't know how to use the gun.
I and I had dying tablets.
And so I did all these things.
And then I was like, well now what, my family was laughing at me like, what is any of this stuff gonna do?
You can't do any of this shit.
And I was like, you're right.
And I kind of just made a decision, but I don't put things into practice.
So I wanna make a choice to say, if you're gonna talk about it, then do it.
Go do MMA, go try it.
Is there a place that you could go to that you know about?
[1:24:00] Well, there's that grace.
I live 15 minutes from Midtown and that the place that Anthony Bourdain was always in though.
Pencil grace?
Yes.
The main headquarters right there.
Great place.
And I always see guys walking in and out of there.
Yeah.
Go there.
Dripping sweat.
You're close to that?
15 minutes.
Go there.
That's the spot.
Go there.
Go take classes.
Yeah.
And it's good for your brain.
The thing about it is it's really good for your head because it's so difficult that it makes, it really does make the rest of life's difficulties easier.
That's a good idea.
It's a safe, controlled, difficult.
There's like if a guy gets you in a choke hold and you're trying to fight out of it, you can't, you can tap.
And then you go right back to training again.
And I won't be made fun of that.
I'm third of all.
Like an old, no, they encourage you.
They're welcome, you know.
Yeah, a lot of people get into it and they're 40.
Bourdain didn't even start until he was in his 50s.
What?
Yeah.
Like Bourdain was like 62 when he died, I think he got in on a jujitsu when he was 58 [1:25:08] Yeah, damn so When I did his show I did one of the episodes of his show we went Fezin hunting in Montana together So flew to Montana and Bourdain and I and he's talking about dars jokes and like we're in the middle, we're all they're fesin' hunting.
And then I go, do you know how to do a Japanese necktie?
He goes, what's that?
And I go, when you go in for the dars, sometimes you can't get the dars, but you can get the Japanese necktie.
Let me show you.
So we're on the ground that's the dars.
I go butt from here, I'm gonna tuck your head into my chest and I'm just gonna roll on my right shoulder.
And he's like, ah!
I go, yeah, that's fucked, right?
Wow.
I roll on my left shoulder.
I go, that's the Japanese necktie.
So I'm explaining him the Japanese necktie on the ground while the camera crew is there and shit.
And I and I'm like, go ahead, try it on me now.
He's got his friend Josh, his Josh is doing jujitsu too, he's like, get in here.
[1:26:06] So he did it here, now from here.
So this is a, Josh is a big guy.
I was like, it's hard to get this through, right?
But you don't have to get this through.
Once you get this clamp, I just want you to tuck that head and then roll on this shoulder and they're like, Dirt and Montana, that's how into it what he was.
Did they all care about?
They showed out.
No, they didn't.
That'd be sick.
It was just us shooting birds and eating them.
It was really fun.
It was a really fun experience.
He was a fucking fascinating guy.
When I watched, I always watched if it's on the plane though, his documentary Road Runner that they made, I think about this, you know, when you get a little older, even on a Super-O, but you start to think like, hey, are my best years behind me?
Like, what, you know, what is life?
What's the next things?
And I heard him say he was like, you know, when he only became famous or like people knew his name and read his book when he was 43 years old.
He said, so I was sitting there 42 years old, thinking, whatever, all my fun, all my drug days, [1:27:06] all my wild, it's all over.
I'm in the back half of my life now, and this is what life's gonna be.
He goes and I didn't realize that it was gonna be the next 20 years of my life that would be me, be like the best years of my life.
And I never heard someone talk about it that way, where it was like, I know we know that you now don't know what tomorrow holds or our whole lives can change in an instant, but sometimes I can't help but feel like, oh, I'm coming into my 40s now, but when I heard board day, I was like, oh, that's a very hopeful thing.
There's no road map for everybody.
Yeah.
And sometimes the more interesting people are the people that lived their entire lives never thinking they were gonna be famous.
And then became famous.
Like Jordan Peterson is a great example that, he was a professor, just like it was opposed to this bill that would cause people to have to be forced mandated to use a bunch of made up gender pronouns.
[1:28:00] And he's like, this is crazy.
Like you can't allow this.
This is just gonna spiral Yeah, I'm just gonna snowball into something else say becomes famous in his forties Which is a very difficult thing for people to deal with almost impossible It's possible Morgan Freeman is the only other one Rodney Dangerfield are the only other two big names that I know Ronnie's a big one right.
Yeah, Ronnie was a Luminum siding salesman you know wild.
Yeah, and you never stopped writing apparently.
It was always writing jokes during that time, but he'd quit doing comedy and just went back to regular life and then said, fuck it, I'm going back in.
And like back to school and all those movies.
I mean, Friday was huge.
It's crazy that like how many people who are like that out there that could have made it and just didn't just stopped or got whatever demons they had got the best of them, which is a lot of us.
You mean, there's a lot of guys out there that have demons, and their demon might be cocaine, their dealing alcohol, gambling, whatever it is.
There's like a demon that gets people.
And just gets you.
And it's also timing and right place, right time.
I didn't know this about sports, but like, you know, like the same way, like we know funny, funny, funny people [1:29:07] that just never really made it for whatever reason.
It actually happens in sports too.
I thought sports being objective was being like, oh, the best player will get discovered, but it's like, no, you got to have the right connections.
You got to play in the right tournaments to get noticed by the professional teams.
And there's, there's, there's a guy out there who would have been as good as you know The Michael Jordan and the Kobe's of the world, but he just never made it.
He never got in front of the right people It's also a discipline thing Like sometimes sometimes people are very very talented right and they really could be amazing But they just because talent sometimes can fuck you Because if you're really talented, you don't have to work as hard.
If you're better than everybody else, you can kind of half-ass things.
And you can get through things without even training.
Like John Jones is so talented.
He defended his title against Alexander Gustafson who was like one of the best guys ever in the Light Heavyweight Division and didn't even train for it.
Didn't even train for it.
And what?
And it was the hardest fight of his career because he was getting beat up in the first few rounds and he pulled it off in the last two rounds.
[1:30:06] That's where when he won the decision.
It was a crazy fight.
First time he's ever been taken down.
I mean, he got busted up, got a big cut over his eyes.
I was swollen up, but he's so talented that he's able to beat one of the best guys in the division without even training.
Then he has a rematch for them later where he says, now I'm in a fucking train and he just annihilates him.
Yeah, it's crazy.
I tell him that he's the most, he's the most talented one of people argue of all of, of all the fighters.
He's very arguable.
Yeah.
He's certainly the most accomplished.
He's beaten every single person he's ever faced except there's only one loss that he has is a disqualification in a fight that he was dominating.
The gussips in fight was close though.
And he had a gut, but he didn't even train.
There was fighters that he was fighting where he was so much better than everybody.
The way they would describe it was like he was playing with his food.
He wasn't threatened by them.
So he wasn't fighting to the best of his ability.
So does a guy like John Jones, you think have some type of fear in the ring or do you kind of lose that when you become a guy of his level at this stuff?
[1:31:08] I think you're always going to have some doubts and thoughts that enter into your head, but a guy who's that dominant knows how to dominate those thoughts, knows how to overcome them.
You don't let them in.
You're going to have anxiety, you're going to have nerves, but you just don't let them in.
Some guys don't have nerves.
Like Justin Gage, he says he doesn't get any nerves.
He says it kind of freaks me out.
How I get in there and I'm not even nervous.
Yeah, but that's interesting, because you know, you could be killed by some of these high level guys, right?
Even the best fighters, it's possible you get hit in the head the wrong crazy things that Justin says that's when he goes to fights he never plans anything for after the fight because he doesn't assume he's going to be alive.
Wow.
Yeah.
That's pretty deep.
Well, that's how he fights too.
That's really how he fights.
That's interesting.
I kind of respect that a lot.
He's a psycho.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's born for it.
[1:32:01] Well, yeah, it's the human brain's a funny thing.
I mean, I don't feel one ounce of anxiety on stage, whether I'm bombing, doing well, zero.
Always been that way, zero.
So it's all off stage.
After the fact, before the leading up, and after is where all the anxiety hits me or really would spin me out of control and better are controlling it now, but on stage, I mean, truly zero.
Like I would literally was having so much anxiety.
I told you I sold my house because of radio city and then I was on stage at Radio City and not a ounce of anxiety.
The unfortunate thing is I, as much as people tell me, be in the moment for these big things, slow it down, all that.
I tell myself I'm doing it, but I never have any memory of it, and I never kind of take over the night.
Like I did radio, city people, I was like, what'd you do after?
Where was the after party?
Where'd you go?
I said I was in bed at 11 o'clock with my family.
I was in bed.
The show ended at nine.
I was in bed at 11 on the night, my biggest night.
And I don't know why, that's just how I am.
[1:33:06] It was not the wrong with that.
No.
Yeah, it was not the wrong with just going on with your life.
You don't have to celebrate.
Right.
Yeah, that's not necessarily a bad thing.
Yeah, but like you've had, you know, so far, very, very, very cool life.
Do you feel though at times even you have FOMO and I'm like, shit, I wish I would have did something else or you don't feel that anymore.
You always that way or you got to this way after just the mounting success.
No, I genuinely don't think that way.
From day one.
No.
One thing that I used to do when I was on Fear Factor though, I would be jealous of guys that were on the road.
I was like, God, I wish I could go do the road right now.
I just couldn't, the schedule was so hard.
It was very difficult to just do just comedy.
And the guys who were just doing comedy, I would admire that.
I'd go, God, I wish I could just do comedy.
Because fear factor is great of a job as it was, was a job.
[1:34:00] It was something I was doing just for money.
I do stand up for free.
I do guest spots all the time for free.
Just show up and do comedy for free.
You work for free.
But that's how comedy is.
It's fun.
You don't think about it.
Like we enjoy doing it.
We constantly are working out.
If you're working out in the city, like what are you getting for a spot?
20 bucks?
Yeah, it sure.
Yeah, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I to move her foot.
So she got us cable television and we watched cable and they would show reruns of Oprah, the Oprah Winfrey show.
My mom would just watch it.
And I remember one day and it's like advice that just stuck in my head.
Oprah was on, I think it was one of the first times she was on with Dr.
Phil.
Oprah was on and she said, you know, the thing about [1:35:02] success is real successful people is the money always comes second.
It's the passion first and then the money comes second.
If you reverse it and you go after the money first, you may get success, but there's a negative karmic energy attached to that money.
So the only way to do it the right way is you go passion first and then the money will always come but it will come second.
And I don't know, I was like in a fever mono dream and I just always remember, and I was always stayed with me my whole life.
And that's why I brought up before.
I was like, when I saw you kind of hammering out your set, I was like, oh shit, this is why, it's the passion is there.
You couldn't pay him, not pay him.
If you were at this level, not at this level, you'd be out the hour.
Yeah, but that's if you have the ability to do that.
Like what Oprah's saying is true, but it's easy for people to say that that have already been successful.
That's like that whole secret thing.
Remember the secret?
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
People like you just kind of manifest things and they'll happen.
Have a vision board.
Sort of, if you talk to successful people, they'll tell you that they probably did that, but they probably did a lot of things right so that's one factor and people want to pretend people want to [1:36:07] excuse me people want to pretend that it's insignificant that's foolish it is a factor but the people want to pretend that it's the whole thing that's foolish as well because you can't just manifest things I remember we were at the commy store once and there was this lady that came to the store who was a friend of One of the comics and she was telling me that she is following the secret She's like I have the secret now and now I know That I'm going to be married to the person that I love and I'm gonna have an amazing career and all these different things As I go I go so you're confident in this?
You're like sure, I think this was, I don't know if I had seen the movie yet, because I remember when I saw the movie, I was like, whoa, these people are out of their fucking minds.
I was like, this is a lot more to it, kids, than just this.
Like you can't have a lot of things you have to do.
[1:37:06] Right.
There's a lot of work involved.
A lot of like learning.
You gotta like make mistakes and recover from mistakes.
You gotta like make mistakes and do better and write better stuff and perform better and get better at school.
And you have to do stuff that people actually enjoy.
So what do people enjoy about my work?
What is it?
What am I missing that other people have?
There's a lot that goes on.
It's not just I wanna be a rock star, I'm gonna make it happen.
So this lady was telling this to me, and this was the only time I'd ever met her, but we were all hanging out in the back of the comedy store, so she was out there for a couple hours, right?
So then I saw her again, like a year or two years later.
I was doing a show at another club and a ran into her outside.
I go, hey, how you doing?
She goes, last time we talked, we talked about the secret and she goes, it's not been working.
She's like, I don't understand.
My father is a, like her father was like messing up her life.
[1:38:03] Like he's, I don't know what was going on.
And she's like, and I haven't found that relationship and my career isn't going well.
And we had to, like a very brief conversation.
I was like, damn.
Yeah.
Good to see you.
Bye.
Yeah, and I was leaving and I was gone.
And then I remember thinking like people that thought that way that really believed.
You can hear that from a successful person.
I just knew I had a vision, I stuck with that vision, I made it happen.
So there was a lot of people running around during these days, like the early 2000s that had this thing in their head that they could manifest a reality.
Yeah, and I think it's become a popular thing, especially in this culture where it's like, be a boss, Be the best.
That's not how society works.
Society would crumble.
You need people who don't wanna do that.
You need people who are saying, I'm okay not being the boss.
I'm okay not being the best.
You need that.
Well, also, I'm not gonna tell you like, in my own life, in doing this podcast specifically.
I fucking never thought it was gonna be what it is.
I never even imagined it.
I didn't want it to be.
I never was a thought.
[1:39:06] It was never, I want this thing to be, I wanna have 15 million subscribers.
I don't know.
I never, never.
Not one time.
The whole thought was, do your best.
Do, do, who do you wanna talk to?
What's interesting?
Have an interesting conversation.
Stay in the moment.
Just do your best.
Well, and also I'm correct from the wrong, by the time you started your podcast, you were already successful, you're already the host, you're already kind of a household name, I'm sure financially successful, so you didn't need it for the money.
You were like, I just wanna talk to my friends.
Yeah, it was just doing it for fun.
Cause I always wanted a radio show.
I'm like, no one's gonna I'd fuck it up.
Right.
And then there was XM back at the time, XM wasn't given to anybody any money.
They had all their money was going to Howard Stern, serious XM, whatever it is, the whole thing.
I think it still is.
It's a big thing.
Did they still call it serious XM?
Still serious XM and I've heard that it's just, it's Howard's money.
Yeah, I did Howard Stern show three months ago, [1:40:06] and I thought he wasn't in the room, but the way they have that set up is you've really believed he's in the room, like almost like a hologram.
They tricked you.
Dude, I was talking to Howard Stern, but he was in Long Island, or wherever he was, Florida, and I was in the city.
It was actually pretty crazy because, you know, it's Howard.
It's like, it's a big, big, big deal.
It's almost like a surreal thing.
For New Yorker, of course.
Yeah, it's almost like a surreal thing.
We're like, this is Howard Stern, what?
And they told me they're like, you're gonna go on for five minutes.
So I was prepared to do that.
It was, but you have to guess this guy's sexual fetish.
And the guy's fetish was that he liked his nuts and dicks, taped nail to the wall.
So what he was into is...
Yeah, dick.
Yes, dick.
Nailed to the wall.
Nailed to the wall with a fucking nail gun.
Oh!
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was, that was, when we had to guess it, little by little.
[1:41:01] God damn.
So little god damn so he even stand for that he loved it dude you have to let get you dick inside of a wall yeah yeah how do you find it out how do you get there how do you find that he's pretty good question Jenny he would stick when he was a kid when he was a kid when he would get yelled at by his mom and daddy would stick um you know safety pins he would stick safety pins through his dick and balls like as a way to cope with it all oh my god Oh my god, that's so crazy.
Yeah, they see just ramp up from there.
Oh my god rock hard He said by the way he was rock hard on the show when he was taping his nuts to the wall So we had to we we had to guess it we had to guess it and he was like You know, it was like this thing right they were like the producer Like, hey, he's gonna talk to you for five minutes.
Just get to know you name.
What do you do comedy?
You know, whatever And then you're gonna get into this segment and I was like, okay, great.
Bob a booey Gary, you know, it's the one who hooked it all up and I was like great dude.
Five minutes.
That's that's awesome Like excellent.
And then so we go we're starting to talk.
I don't know what I said.
I said something stupid and he started to laugh.
[1:42:07] And then he was like, wait a second, wait a second, wait a second.
What is it?
Who are you?
And I was like, on the show, it was like, my name is what I do, blah, blah, blah, blah.
We start, we talk for like an hour and a the end, you know, I didn't have any good guesses and then And then like 20 minutes later I get a call from a random number and I pick up and he's like, hey, it's Howard And I thought initially was one of my friends doing like an impersonation like because they knew I was on Howard He happens live and then he was like, no, it's me.
It's Howard.
He was like, he was like, man, that was great.
He was like, you just, I don't know, like just whatever you're doing, just keep doing it.
He was like, I was very engaged with that stuff, man.
He was like, so good.
And then I was like, okay, thanks.
And then hung up and then I was like, holy shit, did that really just fucking happen from comedy?
[1:43:07] And I felt really positive, I still feel really positive and great about that, but sometimes my brain can't hold on to that for too long.
And then what will happen is we'll say, okay, well, let's balance it.
Let's calf the guilt come in.
Let's balance it and make ourselves, you know, not believe him in some way.
You know what I mean?
And so I hear from you a lot, you'd be able to kind of take that confidence, which is a beautiful thing, and just kind of have it make you stronger and say, I'm gonna, all right, I'm gonna keep going up, where I look for a way down from it to balance.
And so I fight against that, but I'm getting close.
And I do think the next time I come on this podcast, I'll be fully gay.
Oh, okay.
I'll be fully in.
Okay.
I don't think too much about myself.
Right.
I try to just think about life and I think about what I'm trying to do.
Right.
You know, whatever thing I'm trying to be good at, [1:44:01] that's how I handle it.
I think dwelling too much about yourself is not.
It's like every comic has a tendency towards narcissism.
I don't think that should be encouraged.
I don't find any benefit to it.
Even you do think you have a bet.
Everybody does, I think.
We just have it.
Everybody does.
That's why you want to look good.
you want to sound good, you want people to admire you, people think you're doing well.
All that stuff.
But don't feed that.
Yeah, that's what it is.
Yeah, don't feed it.
Think about the thing, like whatever you're doing, whatever your art form is, relationships or friendships or think about those things.
Feed the good will for the bad wolf.
Yeah, don't think about you.
Yeah, that's good.
I like that.
Don't think about you.
Think about the thing you're trying to do.
And just to be the best you can at the thing.
The best you can be at the thing is everything you could ever ask for of yourself.
And the only thing that's going to get in the way of that is doubts, lack of discipline a lot of people that like substitute work ethic for anxiety.
[1:45:06] They substitute work ethic for a bunch of like bullshit thinking that just distracts them from doing what they really should be doing.
Which is getting stuff done.
Cause like the, what is the thing you're trying to feel?
You've, when I, like there's a giant difference.
Like if I am in my office, is a giant difference between how I feel if I just watch YouTube videos.
Even if it's like an interesting thing.
It's a giant difference between how I feel that.
Then if I go over my material and I start writing and I write a new tagline, I write a new joke, I have a new premise, I have a new thing, I put it in my phone, now I go to bed, I feel great.
Now I feel good.
So it's's like you got to learn, like what is the thing that helps?
The thing that always helps my mental state is to be engaged in a thing and to be creative and to try to figure this thing out and then do the work that you need to be doing for [1:46:00] your career, for the thing that you love, which is comedy, right?
Whatever it is, or even podcasting.
Do the work on that thing.
Work for the thing that you love, which is comedy, right?
Whatever it is, or even podcasting.
Dude, work on that thing.
Right.
Work on the thing.
And then when you're done, you feel good.
If you're just fucking off, you just feel like a loser.
And if you feel like a loser and you start feeling that maybe that's who I am, and then you have imposter syndrome, and then it'll just be professional.
Just get it, do the things you have to do.
And then if I do all that stuff, then I can actually enjoy a movie.
I can sit down and enjoy a movie.
If I fucking did everything I'm supposed to do, I can enjoy anything.
But if I have like in my head, like I'm not doing what I'm supposed to be doing, I'm not doing the work I'm supposed to be doing, then I feel like a loser.
So it's like just do the work and then you don't feel like a loser.
And then you could be sociable.
Then you could, you're fun to hang out with because you're not like overwhelmed.
Your mind is not on this thing that you should really be doing instead of being here at this party with your friends.
You really should be at home working on that thing.
Get all that shit done so that you don't feel bad.
See, because I hear you and I think [1:47:06] that that's 100% accurate.
But a lot of times, I don't know what it is.
You need to coach yourself.
Well, that's what it is.
And I think, but I do think a lot of this stuff is baked into some of that Catholic guilt.
I do think you can't feel good about yourself because it subconsciously tells you well then something bad now will happen, right?
It's this weird thing that, so I think sometimes I flirt with that because I pretty much, you know, I do my writing and I do just kind of say, all right get into comedy about the whole family behind you.
You need to do this, let's do this.
But sometimes it's that Catholic guilt, but I'm at a point in my life.
Now I'm reading this book Case for Christ.
You ever read this book?
No.
Case for Christ by this guy Lee Strobel.
I was very mad at Catholicism for a very long time because I grew up Catholic.
When I was 17, when our brains are forming, is when all the Catholic shit came out the priests raping and all that stuff and I was like well [1:48:07] Fucking I have Catholic tattoos all over my body already when I was supposed to do now I I can't this I'm like want to rip my tattoos off and I was very angry for a while initially Didn't want to get my kids baptized came around did it, but then I read this book Case for Christ and I was like wow this guy's putting forward like very compelling arguments for like not only Jesus' existence, but his actual works being real.
Like this all being fucking pretty real and pretty historically accurate.
And I was like, oh shit.
And then so I started to like go back a little bit, right?
And I started to say, you know, because some of the things I'm even talking about on the show are kind of like, you know, it's still me, but it's like it's not as much as me anymore.
Because I started to go back to church, and I started to feel like this, like, just like calmness, and almost like even if it's forced, like this forced connection.
[1:49:01] Let me give you some advice.
Yes.
You know what your problems are, right?
And you know how you're doing when you're doing your best and you know the things that you're doing that lead you to go astray, to go haywire, right?
Right.
I think so.
Yeah.
You're really aware of that.
If you were a coach and you were looking at you and you know all this information, you would give yourself very solid advice, right?
You would know.
I think I could.
Right, do that then.
Right.
Just have a coach in your head.
That's what I do.
I have like a part of my head that's like the general that just tells me what the fuck we're doing.
Yeah.
I'm like, I don't wanna do this.
The general says, shut the fuck up and let's go.
And listen to that part.
I like have that part in my head.
That's always there that knows this is gonna be fine.
You know what, you know what, you know what I analyst?
Just handle it, deal with it, breathe, go through it, move on.
Have like a set in your head of ideals, [1:50:03] of behavior that you're tolerating.
behavior that you're not tolerating, the way to handle things when things come up and don't just dwell on every problem, every, instead have this, just like thing, very rigid in your head.
This is what we're going to do.
Write it down, write it down, write down on a piece of paper.
If this comes up, this is what we do.
We don't do this.
We don't dwell on stupid shit.
We don't worry about nonsense.
We don't fucking fret about.
We don't sell our house because there's not a bagel shop close, even though there was.
Yeah.
Write those things down.
Write those things down.
Give yourself like rock solid rules.
Right.
And then go to those rules every time something comes up, instead of just like riffing it, just winging it, being lost in this world of like management of anxiety.
Like have rigid ideas in your head of how you're gonna handle it.
Yeah.
[1:51:00] It seems like you've gotten through the worst parts, right?
Like you sounds like you're anxiety during basketball was fucking crazy.
Not to do it.
That sounds crazy.
I used to bite my toenails off till they bled because my nails, because I went through my fingernails.
That's crazy.
So you got through that.
So you got through the worst, so you know how bad it can be when it goes sideways.
And you know how to coach yourself.
Right, right all this stuff down.
Write it down in the future, write down.
Like, this is, these are problems that come up.
And this is how I'm gonna avoid these problems.
Well, you know what, you know what I think happens too?
It's because of podcasting.
Sometimes I'm like, because my girl said something to me once.
Interesting.
She was like, you know, on these podcasts you talk about all these issues you have and whatever.
She was like, but at home you're like not that guy.
Like I don't know, like this stuff is like, you're never like talking to us about it and you're never acting like that.
Like she was like, I see you writing and doing things but then you go on the pod and you're like, look at this fucking, look at my brain.
So she's like, what?
Like don't feel like you have to just go on a podcast and to try to be interesting, say all your, she was like, do you feel that?
Sometimes, I never did until she said it.
[1:52:06] I'm like, you know, I'll come onto a podcast.
Like I came on today and said, Chris, just, come on.
Be confident, be who you are, project yourself, you're doing good, Joe and you are, you're closer now than you were two time.
Just shut up and do it.
And then immediately I'm like, I'm a mistake.
Hahaha.
Hahaha.
Hahaha.
Hahaha.
Hahaha.
Damn.
So that's who I am.
Right.
But you're not that way when you're at home.
You're not that way when you're at your best.
Quarter to my family.
I wasn't that way.
You might be leaning into it.
You might be leaning into it, it might be a problem because like you do kind of think it's something to talk about that's interesting.
And so you lean into it and you make it worse.
Yeah, because I mean yesterday in the green room, I wasn't like that.
We were just talking, talking around, hanging out, and I'll beat out weight tonight.
You didn't even seem a little anxious yesterday.
No, especially for someone who hadn't done standup in six weeks.
No and I did a 24 hour fast.
So I was just, I was like in my body yesterday.
I felt like a lot of, I mean, I know you've done it before, [1:53:06] but when you get on those fasts and you just get like all this energy, like I couldn't even sleep.
Yes, weird, isn't it?
Yeah, I just loved it.
Yeah, the fact you get energy from fasting is very strange.
I've done a lot of 24 Yeah.
I don't know if I know that it's a three day ones.
I heard that George St.
Pierre talking about, he does it three or four times a year.
I think it's probably really good to give your digestion a chance to rest.
Like just concentrating food.
Your body's like, Jesus, like more work.
Like give it some time off.
Do you think it's possible, like in ancient times that, because sometimes in the Bible, they'll say people live to 400, 500 years old.
Do you think it's not 400, but do you think it's possible people will living to as long as 120 years old back then?
Yeah, maybe 120, yeah, then the rare genetic case with very good nutrition in a blue zone, some place where there's a lot of minerals in the water.
[1:54:03] Yeah, you might be able to.
It's possible.
120's, people have gotten there before.
But the 500 usual, like Noah, I'm like, that look good.
I've never got here.
Well, I think it's true, but I think it's one of those things where they probably just took, birth, they took records differently back then.
Like I think in China, I think you only celebrate your birthday once every 10 years.
So you could be like, oh, I'm 500, but you're really not.
Well, that would mean you're five.
Yes, exactly.
50.
Right.
But I think, you know, human beings biologically, the only thing that's gonna change how we age a science, and they're pretty close to being able to do that with a lot of things.
And there's a few things you could do to mitigate aging today and it does work.
It does help you, but 500 years old.
It's most likely that they just didn't know what the fuck they were talking about.
350 years after the flood.
He died at the age of 950.
There you go.
Terror was 128.
No, I don't know.
Penifio.
At the last, the extremely long-lived Antiluvian patriarchs died 350 years after the flood at the age of 950 when terror was 128.
[1:55:08] The maximum human lifespan as depicted by the Bible gradually diminishes thereafter from almost 1000 years to 120 years of Moses.
See what I'm saying?
Now, that's Old Testament.
So, you know, I don't know.
A lot of that stuff was story stuff.
But dude, I'm telling you, this book, case for Christ, the fucking history, it's not, it's not even an opinion.
He's not saying I want you to believe.
He's like, here's the history, here's why we, dude, so like, if I told you, if I said to you, Joe, you believe everything you've heard about Alexander the Great, right?
You believe it, you believe it, you know, he's fought in these battles, what they say, you just believe it's Alexander the great.
I'll read his biography.
You'd say, yeah, sure.
But then you'd be like, oh, but I know I don't believe, they made the shit up about Jesus.
Okay, Alexander the great, because what you'll always hear is, well, the gospels were written 100 plus years after Jesus died.
Alexander the Great's first biography was written like 300 years after he died.
So that right [1:56:06] there is like, well, his, Jesus is the historians of Jesus were much closer in time than say Alexander the Great and even furthermore back then, like the ancient Hebrews, they, they didn't had before writing.
They didn't write anything so they would memorize the Old Testament in the scripture.
So you had guys that they would pass down, right?
They knew, they knew 5,000 pages of the book that's on their head.
So yes, the gospels were 70 years later, but they were based off the accounts of people who were living at that time and up to like 25 years after it.
And they say, oh well, game of telephone.
I can tell you something goes around the room, telephone.
By the time it gets to me, 10 people, what you just said is irrelevant.
It's a totally different thing.
I get it.
But what they said is because of that ancient thing of kind of having to pass down these old testamers [1:57:01] because they couldn't write, it would be like if you're playing a game of telephone, but every person, I check with the person before to make sure the word I'm saying is right.
And then I keep going.
So then it's gonna work because you're constantly checking.
So that's what they said happened there.
And I was like, okay.
Well, that's a little bit of confirmation bias because the real problem is like who set it originally?
So when who decided what the words were originally?
Okay, that I get that, which is true, but just for Jesus, this book was saying that the reason why they believe the historical accuracy of it is because basically his haters and the disciples were both saying the same thing.
So you have the Romans saying, yeah, this is what happened, who hated him and at that point would be like, get this guy out of here.
He's basically causing a revolt.
That's why we have to kill him.
He's like somebody getting, you know, protestor today, they were like, fuck this guy, he's out.
And so they were saying, yeah, what you're saying happened.
And then the disciples are saying it, like a big thing is the resurrection, right?
[1:58:07] People say, really, he fucking resurrected from the dead.
And you're like, well, everybody agreed, haters, Romans, and the Israel, Jewish people.
Everybody agreed he died.
That's 100%.
That's why when they stab him and you say, water, came out it wasn't water, it was fluid from his lungs because he was dead.
And that's what would happen to you or I when we dies.
We have this lung fluid that comes out.
So that's what they said, oh, that's water.
And that's where they made him divinity.
But it was like a natural thing.
He's dead.
Everyone agrees.
And you say, well, you know, that made up.
And they say 500 people saw him in the town.
Romans and Hebrew, they saw him over the next couple of weeks.
They 500 independently source people, real like corroborated 500 people saw him.
[1:59:00] So you say, okay, so there's that.
And then the other conspiracy theory is like, well, the disciples robbed his body.
The disciples just robbed his body, because they didn't want him.
They would hand over crucifixion victims to like the wild dogs.
That's used to be the way it was.
If you got crucifined, throw you in a pit, wild dogs eat you, or leave you on the cross, birds will eat know, that's how we deal with you.
So they're like, that's why they were taken as body.
And then you see that, well, that's probably not what happened.
And the Romans themselves acknowledged there's no body in that tomb that we put in there three days ago.
There's the body is not there and we did it.
So in order to save ourselves, we're going to say the apostles robbed it.
But in reality, that's just a conspiracy because these apostles would have no reason to rob it.
That would...
So the Romans think the apostles robbed the body?
That's a conspiracy.
Why do you say conspiracy?
Well, you're just saying that conspiracy did diminish the story.
No, no, no, I meant conspiracy in this sense of, [2:00:01] that's what people say as a reason why the...
Do the Romans say that?
The Romans have said that.
The Romans said that back then, and then I guess conspiracy is the wrong word, because I'm not, I'm not, like it's one story, one explanation, I'll say.
Explanation of...
But if you'd looked at it, like what's the most logical explanation?
Is the most logical explanation that a dead guy came back to life or the most logical explanation that someone took his body because that's what the Romans said.
I'm just because I'm in.
I'm saying that that is that came back to life.
One time and I'm not saying I'm crazy about it.
I'm just saying you know what?
After reading that book, there was enough things that happened that historical Scholars who aren't religious some are believers some are not right are like this existed and this happened But you're talking about historical scholars from 2000 years ago and their knowledge of science and Biology and life and the universe itself was extremely limited.
[2:01:05] And so their entire fundamentals, like everything they believed in was based on mythology.
Everything was based on gods and demons and...
Okay, so then what about this?
All right, fine.
What if the Romans, okay, they made it up, right?
I mean, the Romans are correct.
The disciples took the Romans, okay, they made it up, right?
I mean, the Romans are correct.
The disciples took the body.
Who everyone agreed was dead.
What about the 500 people that saw him in the town over the next six weeks?
Did you talk to those people?
No.
So who knows what they believed, but who knows what they actually believed?
Who knows how they said it?
Who knows if it was a religious thing?
You look, there's people that have mass hallucinations all the time about a lot of things.
And there's people that you could give them false memory.
False memory is a real thing.
Someone can convince you that something happened that didn't happen.
It's real.
It's like they've demonstrated how to do it.
[2:02:03] We all know friends that have a memory of something and you go, that's not what happened.
And then you just say your version of it and then everybody has to figure out what really happened.
You're like, do you remember that time we were at the game and you said this, I didn't say that.
That was not me.
That was Mike.
And you're like, what?
Yeah, yeah, you remember Mike lost his job.
he was drunk, do you remember?
And they're like, oh yeah, like you thought it was me.
Like you put it on me.
It's like you changed things.
Like people changed things.
They also, your memory becomes a memory of your memory and not the actual memory itself.
It becomes a memory of the story you're telling.
And so if this person was this significant religious guru figure like Jesus was, right?
And he really does have this amazing view of how humanity can live in harmony.
And he really does talk to people about this and he really does preach forgiveness and he really does treat everybody the same, [2:03:01] poppers and hookers and everyone.
Everyone's just God's children loved.
When that guy's gone, you're gonna miss him, man.
You're gonna miss him bad.
And if you really do have a fundamental view of reality that's based entirely on myth, and you have connected this guy to the son of Christ, or the son of God, rather.
This figure that is brought here to save us, and the Romans took him from us and killed him and now he died for our sins and the whole thing.
If you have that in your head and then someone says, I saw him, I saw him too.
People see the Virgin Mary in a fucking grilled cheese sandwich.
People see things.
It doesn't mean those things aren't there.
It doesn't mean that it is in a vision but it also does mean that people see things that there's a lot of people that are not that bright.
They're not smart and they're easily led and they're easily manipulated.
It also doesn't mean that Jesus wasn't real.
Like all those things, but it's just, the likelihood of someone coming back to life is very low.
[2:04:03] The likelihood of someone taking his body is very low.
Right.
The likelihood of someone taking his body is very high.
Right.
So if you used like, Occam's razor, the simplest solution, the simplest answer is probably what you're searching for.
It's probably that someone took the body.
Right.
Dude.
Where do they put it?
Well, you could put it anywhere.
Like, no one knows where Genghis Khan is buried.
No.
Genghis Khan is buried.
No.
Ginghis Khan, they did the wildest thing with him.
They sent a pack of people to buried Ginghis Khan.
Then they sent another pack of people to kill the people that everybody that went to Ginghis Khan's funeral was murdered.
They all got murdered by another group of people.
And then those group of people got murdered by a separate group to make sure that no one had any understanding at all about where getting his commas buried.
Oh my God.
To this day, no one knows where it was.
And I think thousands of people died to hide his burial.
But it's gotta be somewhere in Mongolia.
Somewhere?
Yeah.
[2:05:01] Yeah.
No one knows.
Yeah.
I don't know.
really can do LIDAR over the entire country and figure it out.
Well, they'll be somebody who'll proclaim that they found it at some point.
Maybe.
You know?
They have no idea.
They have no idea.
See if you can find that story because this is a pretty wild story.
What about people who they get canonized as saints because you exume their body and they have an, they have an, you know know decayed at all.
That's like a big thing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, there's people look They found that guy who died in the glacier that was thousands of years old You know people's bodies.
No, but that's in the right situations.
Okay, hold on Say Marco Polo wrote even by the late 13th century the Mongols did not know the the location the tomb secret history The Mongols has the yeargain is Khan's death, 1227, but no information concerning his burial.
So a frequently recounted tale, Marco Polo tells that 2000 slaves attended his funeral were killed by the soldiers sent to guard them and that these soldiers in turn were killed by another group of soldiers, [2:06:01] which killed anyone and anything that crossed their path in order to conceal where he was buried final legend states that when they reach their destination they committed suicide wow uh...
the commit suicide so that no one will ever know well yeah that's why pretty bad ass that's pretty bad that pretty bad and and they were fucking monsters the The Monk only killed everybody on horseback.
The best fighting force ever.
They killed 10% of the population.
Damn.
They killed so many people that they lowered the carbon footprint of earth during the time he was alive because so many people died that they, all the places that they had deforested, they chopped down the trees.
The trees grew back.
Right.
And they created more trees, so they created more oxygen, sucked out more carbon from the air, because nothing's better at eating carbon than trees.
They live off carbon dioxide.
So you could do a core sample [2:07:02] and show that these people killed so many people that they lowered the carbon footprint of humans on earth.
That's pretty nuts.
They killed somewhere during his lifetime, somewhere between 50 and 70 million people, depending on what they're doing.
So is there anybody if you extrapolate that, like did he kill more people than like Stalin and Hitler way more than percentage-wise?
Yeah, he killed more than anybody ever.
His people did during his lifetime.
Because they, I mean, they conquered a giant swath of the world.
The Mongols, I think they had, they were in control of like a quarter of earth.
Dude, Asians are fucking brutal.
They get, why people, we get the worst rap in history, but Asians fucking kill each other and are so racist and hate each other like you can't imagine dude.
You know like the rape and man king, your dude's like, we never did that.
That was crazy.
Bayonetting babies and shit.
And Jen gets con.
Sometimes I'm like, hey man, I get why people, I get we have our history, but it's like so does fucking everybody else.
Stop it.
It's also just brutal times.
[2:08:02] Require brutal people.
I mean, that was a brutal time to be alive.
Yeah, right?
You can't...
I read something about those times, back, this was more medieval times.
This was interesting that sex was not taboo.
It was because we wanted to live under one roof.
So sex was just animalistic to procreate to get more bodies on the farm.
So you would watch your mom and dad have sex right next to you.
Didn't even, it wasn't a thing about clenzyness or, you know, I mean, I'm sure you had to get an erection and get wet so they had to be some type of something.
But it was like this wild thing where like this whole idea of taboo, a sex being taboo and having terms for everything is pretty much like a new thing.
It was, I read this whole thing about, then a impedance court in France.
So back in the day.
In the court?
Dude, there was this guy wrote, it's called, I'm fucking history.
It's by the author's name, the captain.
This guy's the man.
And it's cool, I read one page a day [2:09:00] and it's about different times in history, kind of applied to today.
But this one thing I read about was the 1600s, there was an impedance court.
So if you could get divorced, if you're a wife or if you wanted a divorce, the wife wanted a divorce, the only way out was you had to go to this court and you had to prove that your husband is impudent and can't get his dick up.
So the court were there and then you'd have to perform the act.
And if the husband couldn't get it up, you have to have sex in front of people couldn't get it up.
We'd grant you the divorce because that was the only grounds that it was necessary for.
And because you need appropriation.
You need appropriation.
That's what this is about.
She wouldn't deny a woman's ability to procreate that man can't get directions, so you could leave him.
And then I think if he did prove his manhood and have sex with her and get a heart on income, I think then he had the legal right to kill her for even taking him to court.
So if you get fucker in front of everybody, then he can kill her.
He's a part of it.
Isn't that like wild how times used to, because if you were fucking brutal man, it's not that long ago.
[2:10:06] Like we have the same brain as them, right?
We're just more civilized.
Not like our brain has went over this insane evolution yet.
I have that guy's brain, but I just don't do it.
Like I'm not, I guess we're more societal pressures, not to do it.
Well, also society has changed where we have more access to information.
We know how other people feel.
Back then they didn't care.
Dude, isn't that what?
Like the smartest, like the Elon Musk's and the, you know, Stephen Hawkins of like that time thought like the, they thought that the sun went around the earth and they were, I mean, the, yeah, the sun went around like they, no.
They thought the earth was the center of the universe.
The earth was the center of the universe.
And like they were as confident as our smart people saying, we are positive that it's the other way.
Sort of, right?
But when Copernicus and all these different people figured out that that wasn't the case, Galileo.
No, I know that, but I'm saying, [2:11:01] so what do you think today we believe in that we will be disproved in a major way?
Like, because as, as just, you know, when they, when Copernicus and Galileo came out and said, I'm sure it's the other way I have the proof, and then everybody was like, wait, what?
What do you think today is where we're believing as fact, even you and me are believing, but it's going to be disproven?
Isven.
If you had a hunch, what do you think it is?
That's an interesting question.
Thank you.
I don't know.
I don't know what it would be obviously.
Because obviously there's a thing that we all believe today.
Like how the fuck could I know that that would be the thing that would be this part of the...
What is it?
This is about the impotence court.
It's like, but this I Right, you should read that.
Start with unhappy.
Yes, sir.
The unhappy couple would then be subject to separate examinations to speculate, groping by surgeons, physicians, and midwives, speculative, excuse me, groping by surgeons, physicians, and midwives.
A husband's natural parts were scrutinized for color, shape, and number.
The best thing he could hope for were the inspectors of delicate demeanor.
Various hypotheses were created.
[2:12:07] Could he muster an erection?
Expel reproductive fluids on demand.
Was he capable of healthy performance or had he been forcing his partner into?
How do you say that word?
Lascivius.
Lascivius, Lascivius positions without the promise of coming children.
That means butt fucking.
As could be expected, many with hell, many wilted under pressure.
According to the reports of a trial in rhymes, I said, rhymes, are you each rhymes?
The experts waited around a fire, many a time to dec call out come come now But it was always a false alarm the wife laughed and told them do not hurry so for I know him well The experts said after that never had they laughed as much nor slept as little is on that night Oh my god, so there's laughing this poor fuck you guys freaking out.
They're gonna hard on it.
[2:13:05] He ain't got shit.
Oh my god.
I mean, I couldn't do that.
If you want to ask me to, I mean, it's very difficult.
It's crazy.
There's no way to be able to get hard.
Imagine you're in court and you got to fuck.
You're also saying that divorce was illegal then.
Okay.
Most of these would have to come from the women and most of their majority, like 20% of the cases, it was from nobility, so like rich women were saying, oh boy.
My husband can't get a hard.
So they have to, but then you would have to prove it.
I'm not, that's real.
Yeah, and then it was on whichever partner actually was found to not be able to get it up, had to pay for the corporate proceedings and lawyers and everything.
They They were checking all women's wetness.
Like what do you mean?
If you're a woman, they could happen the other way.
They could say the woman's impotent.
Or a woman can't give birth.
That's a big thing.
You can't give birth to sons.
Yeah, that was a big thing.
King Henry VIII, right?
He killed all his wives and he was the one that was controlling the sex.
But science didn't know that yet.
The thing Boy when when human beings used to have fertility rituals like they were always trying to reproduce because people died so early [2:14:08] Yeah, like people died of everything.
They died broken like dead injury dead, you know infection dead Right blood infection sepsis dead.
Yeah, they just died like the odd like that's when when people look at like the average age of People back then all people only lived to 30 that's really because there was so much infant mortality, and infant mortality and childhood mortality factors in that, because like half your kids were gonna die.
It's not like today, you have five kids, the five kids are at my grandfather's house.
Hey everybody's growing up now, they have kids of their own, way back then.
Everybody does.
So you're saying back then, there were still plenty of 50, 60 and 70 year olds walking around.
There's probably a few, you know, there's like dodge bullets and made it to that way and you fucking pulled arrows out of their back.
But the bottom line is, it's the same, what's that guy's boner?
Why are you showing us this?
This gets into saying that it had to go, big dicks were an issue back then or something they were using this statue as a scarecrow in many places because it was it was threatened rape so it would just scare people away from the gardens and [2:15:08] whatnot.
What?
That is a big boner and that would keep people from raping people.
Look at those holes on these folks.
Oh, it's crazy.
Jesus.
And that's them soft.
Look at that guy.
That guy's a liar.
That's crazy.
No way.
Perfect.
That's what I have.
No circumcision back then either.
Or maybe there was, I don't know.
No.
They said they would parade them around on comic stages of Athens until the fourth century.
Giant members.
Giant members.
Guys with giant hogs.
Yeah.
Wow.
Okay.
What's that word?
To messant.
Where do you see that?
perhaps the abundance of two messant dicks to mess into a roll to mess in it sounds eloquent maybe um the abundance Gi giant hog.
Yes, what does it mean?
I've never used that I've never seen no Okay swollen swollen all right.
Oh, so hard hard dick hard.
I mean everybody probably tie their dick off [2:16:03] Right get a boner to probably tie a little rope around the base of their balls and everything and yeah Keep it hard.
Yeah, I got here.
Look at my I think back then too.
I think that soldiers I read a lot of stuff about the Roman soldier I think Greek soldiers were like you know had wives and kids but on the battlefield night before was totally okay to be gay Yeah, have an intimate relationship because they thought you have to be in love with the man you're protecting next to you in order to protect him in the right way.
That's what the Spartans felt, right?
That's what it was.
Yeah, because that's who it was then.
Yeah, but there's a lot of like gay sex going on back then.
I think people did a lot of gay stuff and a lot of pedastry.
reality right I think like I think we have a lot of terms now for ship but I think back then like James Buchanan who is the president before Abraham Lincoln They used to call him he didn't have a wife He had a Senator who was like they would call him aunt Nancy that was like their nickname from because they were like these two guys are gay right and [2:17:03] their nickname from because they were like these two guys are gay, right?
Right.
And but the public at the time knew that, but didn't care.
You being your sexuality was never in the minds of the American voter in the 1800s.
That came later.
I don't know when it came, but I was fascinated to read that I was like, oh, wow.
Back then, when you think that, you know, people must have been much more conservative back then, they like no we don't give a shit at all like just do get the country in order and actually it plays a part because James Buchanan being you know possibly gay and with the sky and you know the colon of Nancy the senator boyfriend of his was a senator from the south and it was James Buchanan's presidency because he was giving all these favors to they think his boyfriend of that state that tipped the balanced scales and kind of caused the civil war.
That's what they say, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I don't have the hard facts on it, but I remember reading that and I was like, yo, that's fucking wild.
We're like, you just like Abraham Lincoln kind of took over a country that was, [2:18:00] the roller coaster had went down.
He could not stop it.
And they say that he really sided with the kind of freeing the slaves and the north and the union because they had much more soldiers and were much bigger than the south.
But like, if that was the other way, Lincoln wasn't at the time, you know, you can make up what you want.
And some people agree and disagree.
But it's like, he was going with what he thought was best to preserve the union.
Not necessarily, I think slavery at that time, a lot of people started be like, this is gross now, stop doing it.
But I read a thing too, where it was just geography, where they said if the cotton plantations were in the north, you would have had the slaves and we would have been the non-slaveholder.
So like we had to do that with the, of course they didn't, but they would say we had to do that with technology.
At the time, this is what we had to, we needed the manpower and there were the only people who would do it.
It's really just that they could do it.
They could, right.
They could do it.
Well, they definitely didn't have to you know, because, you know, they were saying like, where the specific place, [2:19:06] I forgot where it was, specific specific, specific, turbulent, specific place they got the slaves from in Africa were people who were very like kind, like giving people there wasn't any war there, so they believed you.
If you said, come with me, I'll come with you because I listen.
Like I'm where all at peace here, where we are.
So why wouldn't I come with you?
And then they were in the Portuguese, we're enslaving them and putting them on these ships.
And then that's just how, that's why they were able to get them from that part.
Like they knew that, which is really sinister.
These are good people that are just, their culture is to follow.
But then you have the Native Americans who were on the land at the same time in America and you couldn't enslave them because they would be like, no, we're fighting everybody around us because they could have subjugated them too.
[2:20:00] And I forgot what book it was, but I was reading it, but they couldn't.
They just couldn't.
It was like wild horses, so they purposely went to a place where the culture was for the be kind people.
And I was like, oh, that's like a really horrible part of like the human brain.
Even though I know at that time things were different, but I'm like, that's pretty just evil to do that.
There's a lot of evil in history.
Yeah.
History's flooded with evil.
It's almost, there's almost no instances of people not being evil.
And there's science and culture, by the way.
Every culture.
It's not just one group, every culture.
I saw this one thing, I can't, I'm blanking on all these things that I read it, where who we are as homo sapiens, I'm sure you know this, like there's like, however many groups of homo sapiens there were like different types of humanoids, but us homo sapiens whether Our type was the most vicious type.
That's why we won so this idea of war is oh is in our head because that's what's deep baked in our DNA Because we were the one that won out to you know evolved into humans [2:21:01] So we have it in our thing So when people are like not like where war like because that's just that's in our brains no matter what.
And if you don't, if you're not physical, some would say like me, not physical, I'll create a war in my brain.
But what keeps me going is war.
What keeps me going is a problem that I have to fix like that.
So I was like, oh, that wasired.
I mean, there's no one today that's rational that believes that like in three years we'll have no war on earth.
Right.
Or I mean, could you imagine a time with no war anywhere on earth?
You can't.
No, that's not possible.
That's humans do war, which is the thing that everyone's the most fearful of, the most terrifying things in history or war.
And we just, even even though we know that and most people don't want war We assume there will never be a time with no war which is a crazy thought Here's a you asked me earlier.
Why do you think the NYPD is not you know?
Why do you think the city's going to fail?
Here's a conspiracy.
I guess you'd call this a conspiracy or maybe an explanation again from one of my [2:22:03] Top friends he's like you know why they're doing that He's like the high, high up people.
You know, those people that don't even exist on paper that are worth 10 times as much as Zeylon, Muskin, whatever.
Those guys, they want AI in, they want it in the police forces, they want it in the world.
So what they're doing is cost so much chaos that we're going to beg to just be ruled by AI.
We're going to be beg for in in in different AI piece of machinery that sees it in black and white and we'll do the right things put the criminals in jail is who will be ruling this city and that it's going to take some time but that's that's what it is and I'll tell you that a cop told me that I mean I was like I mean, wow.
I was like, I didn't dismiss him.
I was like, it makes sense.
And he was being like, that's what it is.
What else could it be?
And I was like, I don't fucking know, man.
It's the idea.
I don't think they're thinking that far in advance, honestly.
I think the ideology of these woke people, it's really a cult.
And the cult is that there is some institutional racism that has caused all these people to be locked up [2:23:11] and the only solution is to just let them out and when they commit crime it's because of institutional racism.
Let's put them in that position and that's where they're committing crime and the only solution is to let them out and to just tolerate it.
And this is to try to break this cycle, which is ridiculous.
It's not how to do it.
The way to do it is to make wherever they live to enrich it.
So it's not so crime-ridden and gang-ridden that there's other ways out.
So people don't lose their lives being connected to the culture of wherever they're at.
Because it's just so criminally entrenched.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, they're not thinking that far in advance.
I think most of the people that are propagating this stuff.
But I also think we're being influenced by other countries.
I think we're being influenced by social media, which is also being influenced by foreign actors [2:24:02] that are doing things and saying things and promoting things specifically to degrade our confidence in our system.
Yeah.
Because we are the only system that's like this.
We're the first experiment in self-government in the world that we're aware of other than the Greeks, obviously.
But the Greeks did it out of psychedelics, like they learned to develop democracy.
I think, I believe that too, and I think that maybe that's something that in the future, like we're living through it now, but in the future they'll be like, oh, remember when the years those people are in social media and they've gone into all these wars and destroyed the planet if it gets there because of these things that weren't even real.
It's gonna be history.
It's gonna be, the influence of it is gonna be measured.
It's gonna be monitored.
It's gonna be a very hotly discussed topic because it's controversial even today while it's happening and the evidence is irrefutable.
The evidence of its presence is irrefutable, but there's still some people that don't think that that's what's causing it.
I think it's certainly exacerbating it at the very least.
I don't know if it's caused it, but the infiltration of the education institutions [2:25:06] by other countries is well documented too.
They know what they're doing and it's working.
I mean, Yuri Besmanov talked about a thousand times unfortunately, the video from 84.
I saw it, all that stuff is crazy.
You did the plan.
Yeah, they were talking about this in 84.
Yeah.
It's actually the chickens have come home to ruse.
It's really it's really going on right now.
Yeah You're seeing that on college campuses today.
Oh, it's cry.
Oh, New York Columbia University Yeah, nuts.
It's all over the nose.
They're they're cult people.
They're basically in like this weird societal collapse cult.
They want society as stands right now.
They think it's fundamentally terrible and it should be destroyed.
So like those people, when we speak about these people that want this and want that, do you think like there's things about the universe that they know for a fact and there's human as you and I and they just know it and this is why they do what they do?
Like, they're speculating.
[2:26:01] I think they're thinking that far in advance.
That's the thing I'm thinking of, the problem with all this is no one's, like freedom of speech, if you take away people's freedom of speech because you think they're wrong and you're right, the problem is then someone else who comes along can also take away your freedom of speech.
If they get into power, if they think you're wrong, you gotta have people be able to talk about things so you can figure out what's right and what's wrong and sort things out.
Find out what's true, what's not true, what's...the only way to do that is freedom of speech.
And you have to allow people to do that, even if they say things that you don't enjoy.
You don't want to hear.
It's better to have someone refute that and work it out than to silence people.
Right.
As soon as you don't think that, then you've silence discourse.
If you silence discourse, you fucked up all progress.
Oh well.
Now people are just gonna cling to whatever it is like what the the reason why they went after Galileo or the way because People have like an entrenched set of beliefs and they don't want anything to come along and challenge that and anything that does They'll squash that.
Yeah, they'll kill you.
They'll fucking torture you and that's the time right now the pure Tannicle yeah, yeah, yeah, it's very similar And that's the time right now, the puritanical.
Yeah.
Yeah.
[2:27:06] It's very similar to that.
The woke stuff is very similar to religion in a lot of ways.
It's absolutely adherence.
Anyone who deviates at all is cast out of the kingdom.
There's the attack you.
It's just like a call.
Right.
I think it's lost a lot of, I mean, it feels like it's lost a lot of more of its power now.
It feels like most people are like, well, just, you know, people coming out of the fever heat, the haze of it all, like what the fuck was going on?
And I think they're more aware of how crazy it all is now than ever before.
Yeah.
Yeah, there's still a lot of people on universities especially, they're just deeply entrenched.
And it's also their identity, it's a way that they could be interesting, it's a way that they can get social status.
Status is a big factor, it's a giant factor in how people behave and why they do what they do.
And it's certainly the social media is the worst for that.
Because so many people, they post these cringy things on social media, [2:28:01] like I know what you're doing.
He's trying to, you're just fishing for likes, you fucking weirdo.
See I think we all start to know that now, because I remember when I was, when my daughter whose eight now was like one or two, we had a friend and they were giving their kid who was like I think 10 social media as a birthday gift.
You would hear that a lot.
I'm gonna give my kid social media, but now nobody would do that.
Now we would know like how poison that is for a kid.
And that was just five, six years ago, where people weren't aware of the kind of dangers of it all.
That might be a thing where like, you know how people when they were smoking cigarettes didn't know that they were killing themselves.
And they were, the smoking industry was allowed to just can you know, promote, that might be that.
That might be the thing in the future.
Provasive though, I think it's gonna turn into something even crazier.
I think with AI, the introduction of AI and the newer technology that allows some other form of communication, this is gonna get even weirder.
I just think this is the reality that we're living in.
[2:29:01] We are a technological society.
We are technology creating species.
Right.
And we're a technological society.
We are technology creating species.
Right, and we're gonna keep going.
Just keep it going and then you think the first person who might live forever with their conscious uploaded into an AI is alive right now.
I don't know.
It's possible.
That actually happens.
I don't know if that happens.
Yeah, I think something happens.
I think for me to speculate would be kind of crazy, but I think something wild is going to happen pretty soon.
I think with AI and the way AI is progressing that it's going to be smarter than every human being alive inside of five years.
Oh yeah.
Where does that take us?
Do we find ourselves in a position like your cop friend said where AI has to govern the country because that does make sense but the problem is like who is in charge of the AI who gets the program the AI right because AI is not immune to being programmed we saw with that Google AI that the founding fathers were all black like you see that yeah they like it us a photo of a poet with a black eye, Asian lady like, yeah.
[2:30:06] It's like it doesn't know how to avoid the woke bullshit that it's been programmed with.
Not yet, not yet.
But it could adapt.
It could adapt.
And if it does adapt and it becomes objective and actually has smart decisions that would benefit the entire country as a whole, people are gonna wanna listen to it because it's gonna be superior to us.
And it's not gonna have the greed and the deception built into it that human beings do.
It's not gonna be supposedly influenced by money.
Yeah, but of course, I mean, yeah.
Well, it becomes sentient than it doesn't.
You know, right now it's controlled by people.
But if it becomes something that designed itself, you know, if it surpasses the design of human beings and creates its own version of itself, but a far superior version of it, and then we allow that thing to lead us.
So what we gotta do is find jobs that you just wanna be towards the back of the line, because AI is gonna start to take over job after job, [2:31:02] but communion, we're pretty far down the line.
I mean, I know AI could take us over in on TV and on the internet.
Live performances are still going to be a thing.
Live sports are still going to be a thing.
So you're at the back of the line for AI.
I mean, they're trying to hold off technology in sports by limiting steroid use, right?
Because what is steroid use?
It's manipulating chemicals in order to achieve a superior human being physically.
A superior specimen that can do things that an average person can't.
Like when you look at bodybuilders, that is not possible without technology.
There's no way you don't get that big.
That's crazy.
You're not supposed to be that big.
Like those people are that big because of human invented technology that allows you to introduce massive amounts of hormones in your system that don't make any sense, and you fucking 350 pounds of your 5.7, that's crazy.
But there's people like that in the world.
Yeah, yeah, they're monsters.
Monsters.
And I heard that, you know, I was always taught that steroids give you cancer, all these bad things, but I read Reesing, that was just based off one study a while ago that steroids done right is actually not healthy, but it's not going to kill you if you do these things right.
[2:32:09] Where are all the bodies?
That's the thing.
There'd be so many bodies.
There's so many bodies of people smoke cigarettes.
There's so many bodies of people who drank themselves to death.
There are bodies for people that did overdo steroids and wind up having heart attacks and stuff, but God, there's a lot of people that didn't have anything to go wrong with.
Yeah, it gets tempting.
That documentary bigger stronger faster.
That's probably what it was.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Bigger stronger faster.
Yeah, because I just started taking creatine like three weeks ago and I feel like fucking awesome.
Creatine's great for your brain.
Yes.
There's a study recently that showed that creatine mitigates the effects of the lack of sleep too.
Wow.
Yeah.
So if you have a lack of sleep and you take creatine, it's supposed to increase your performance and things and makes it so that the lack of sleep doesn't really affect you nearly as much.
Yeah.
It says on my bottle not to take the creatine with caffeine.
It says don't do that.
Really?
My powder naked creatine.
It says don't mix this with caffeine.
And then I read it because they counter balance the effects of each other somehow.
So it's like you're taking it and it's not getting the full benefit of it.
[2:33:09] Yeah, creatine is actually a newtropic.
It actually helps brain function.
Interesting.
But creatine does a lot of good things.
Well, you got to think about, right?
It helps your body hold more water, right?
Which is why one of the things that makes you stronger.
Yeah.
Because it allows you to hold more water, you get a little bigger or stronger.
But people always say you get bloated and fat, which that's not true either.
Well, you get bloated from, you know, you can get bloated from many things.
You definitely can get a fatter face if you have more water and you're free.
But it's also, it's like, what are you eating?
Well, I'm a little bigger, but I haven't lost my scale number as the same.
I think I'm lost body fat.
Well, that's probably because you're working hard.
I think that creatine is a very overall positive supplement.
I don't think there's any negative associated with creatine.
I'm sure you could probably overdo it, like you could overdo anything.
But creatine is one of the safer supplements, [2:34:00] like performance supplements..
Create, yeah.
And it's good for you in a lot of ways.
It's actually, it's a part of food, right?
Is it like, creating from food itself?
Since steak.
I take creatine and scoop a sauerkraut for the fermented food every day, baby.
I love sauerkraut.
How great is it?
What a hot dog with sauerkraut and some brown mustard.
That kind of hot dogs that snap.
Oh yeah.
Oh baby.
I fucking love it.
Talk to me.
Yeah.
Even though the bun's bad for you, who cares?
Let's go.
Who gives us one thing to say the hot dog is bad for you, right?
Says who.
I mean us.
Yes, exactly.
If it snaps in your mouth like those really good kosher hot dogs, oh, love it dude.
That's so good dude.
Yeah so many foods that are so good that are so bad for you Yeah, like the other day two sleeves of Oreos in one sitting damn damn son and I didn't eat milk Oh, yeah, got it milk was going wild dunk them all But I did it in my fasting window so I didn't feel too bad about myself.
Oh, there you go.
There it is You're knocking out there you go, but I people can eat man.
Yeah, they'll go fucking wild me, it's anything carbs pasta and pizza.
[2:35:06] That's my cheat stuff.
Right.
If I'm gonna have a meal where I know I'm not supposed to eat it, but I'm just gonna enjoy it.
It's always like pizza, carbs, pasta, lasagna, something like that.
Yeah, just go fucking wild.
But then I just stop afterwards.
I go, okay, we did it.
I think I'm gonna told you this the last time I was here, but my father is a big eater.
He ate an entire tray of lasagna.
One day, like in front of us, like throughout the day at Christmas, he was eight the entire tray of lasagna.
Then he slept on my house and he woke up in the middle of the night with chest pains.
And him and his wife, my stepmom, were wake me up and like you know dads I don't know what's going on like he can't walk he's like Adam he's going Camp breath chest pain right goes to the hospital They you know hook them up to the machines whatever do some test days overnight that call me the next day They said hey, man, you know, we're sorry looks like your dad here as congestive heart failure [2:36:00] You know this can be a year four years, but but he has congestive heart failure.
I mean, his fluids are backing up.
And, you know, so we just wanna let you know, we're gonna release him, but this is the protocol and the medicines and all that.
So now I'm going down to the hospital, like, oh my God.
Like, this is it, time's running out with my dad.
And then, and then took me about 45 minutes to get there, I get there.
And I guess they continue doing tests.
And the I walk in and the people are there, the doctor.
And I say, you know, I was briefed, you know, I understand it as congestive heart failure.
Like what do we have to do?
Can you like explain that to me?
And they were like, you know what?
We ran the tests.
We gave it, given him a diuretic.
Your father had eaten so much sodium in one sitting that it made our, he swear to God, it made our machines convince us that he had congestive heart failure, but in fact, he had eaten so much sodium because of the food that he ate that this diuretic once the fluid cleared his heart, he has a slight arrhythmia, but nothing like congested farfetch that was purely [2:37:05] from the sodium.
That's crazy.
And I was like, dad, that's fucking nuts.
You almost killed yourself with a zonnet.
You almost killed yourself with a zonnet.
And now, and he's extreme, and now my dad's lost 120 pounds intermittent fasting, he looks phenomenal, but he said he's lightheaded all the time, and I'm like, well what are you eating?
And he said, one half of a tuna fish sandwich a day.
That's all eats.
I'm like, Dad, what can we get a little balance here?
Yeah.
Because now, you know, and he's like, I said, what did you do to lose all this weight?
He said, I eaten tuna fish sandwich and I walk in the pool.
I was like, yeah, but Dad, you.
Yeah, you're gonna fuck your heart up.
Yeah, man.
Your body starts robbing its tissue.
Yeah.
If it doesn't get enough protein, it starts eating your muscles.
Yeah.
So that's what don't do that.
No, I told him to try to, I told him to try to eat more.
Just eat.
Just, I was like, Dad, just eat in those windows..
Yeah, I was like, you look like you're wearing a dress.
[2:38:05] It's fat, it's fun.
You look great, dad.
It's not about what your abs now.
And then, seven, seven, yeah.
And they have like a funny relationship.
He'll be like, oh, you know, you believe my fucking wife over here is 60.
He's like, I should trade her in for two 30 year olds, huh?
And my wife and my son was always like, I like to see you try you fat fuck.
If you could bring home a 30 year old, I'll gladly give you the divorce.
And then I'd be like, I'm gonna kill her, I'm gonna bury her in the backyard.
I'm like, this is the kind of couple fighting, that's just like old school.
That's fun, that's fun to years.
So I see like kind of two things on like how it works one way and not the other way.
Type thing.
It's interesting, the way that they fight their old school.
That sounds very extreme.
Gambling.
Now it's addicted to not eating.
What is that equal though?
Fun.
That guy.
Nobody's more fun than my fucking dad.
[2:39:01] I mean, while people are fun.
Well, they're funny, fun guys.
I mean, when I had my first daughter, we told them, you know, you can't come into the, upper, the delivery room, you know, it's just me, my girl and my mom and her mom.
That's what she wants, you know, women and whatever.
So my dad, I tell him that, he's like, all right, you know, whatever.
And then I call him, obviously when her water broke, we're giving birth and dude, her water broke and the middle, we were watching that movie Mad Max with Tom Hardy and her water broke and we were, I love that movie, we were right at the end.
I was like, is there any way we got like 10 minutes left and she was like, get to the fucking hospital.
Oh my god.
I know like an idiot.
So we get, but so, so she's giving birth like crown, like it's happening, and my dad walked in, because he's just like, this is my first, my, this is my grand kid, my first grand kid I walk in, and I was like, dad, like you cannot at all be here, like, and he was like, yeah, it's, you know, like you're here, I wanna be here, and I'm like, nobody feels comfortable, like I don't give a fuck, but like she doesn't want you here at all.
And she was like, get out of here.
Like it was like this whole thing.
And then as he's leaving like right before he goes, [2:40:06] he goes, I'll be in the waiting room, just let me know.
And I'm like, okay, you know, like we're in the middle of the birth.
And he's like, by the way, Chrissy, Yankees got fucking rocked last night.
You got a disteam sucks.
And I was like The nurse, everybody's laughing, so they're like, what is this guy screaming about the Yankees boys?
Birth.
And then, and then, you know, we had my baby, and then he was like, he was like, it's a girl.
I said, yeah, and you know, great.
And he was like, oh man, he was like, I was hoping for a boy.
I'm hoping for a boy.
I'm like, you know, if I was still in the throes of my gambling, he's like, I would have gambled with your uncles on your kids' gender.
I would have put a bet down.
I would have had to put my money on it.
That's how deep it got.
I was like, that's wild, dude.
He was like, I would have gambled on it, I would have gambled on it on the kids birthday, I would have gambled on it all.
We would have come up with real, you know, [2:41:06] he was like there was action on everything always.
Wild.
There was action on that infinite court too.
What have we got now?
They were gambling on how long they would take to prove if they could actually do it or not.
Yeah.
There was this story of a guy that tried for 15 hours.
You've managed it.
Dude, 15 hours try to get it out.
I think the French to this day, I think you're allowed to cheat on your wife in France.
As long as you don't fall in love with someone else, you're allowed to step out and have sex, but like, it'll get you in trouble, but like a night out with the guy's drinking beers got you in trouble.
Like, you're not going to get divorced unless you fall in love.
Then you're out.
But I'm almost positive French men can have sex with women outside their marriage and their wives don't really care.
It's just French culture.
You think that's nuts?
It's definitely, well, France is.
France is being invaded by Muslims now.
[2:42:00] They're not invaded, but I think 25% of France Essentially lives like under like almost a form of Sharia law now.
Oh shit.
Who's that stuff that recently?
Someone's explaining that to us like how much you know because so many Muslim immigrants have moved in sure PN places.
Yeah, and they're trying to change like they've changed neighborhoods They've changed the way people behave where they're allowed to behave.
Yeah, I I're trying to change like they've changed neighborhoods.
They've changed the way people behave Right.
We're allowed to behave.
Yeah, I I was gonna go to Dubai just three weeks ago and You know, it's the most progressive place.
I think I've heard in the in the Middle East But even with that there was certain like I couldn't you know, you know, I've sent a bit to joke around like oh my friends Like I'm gay.
There should be can't do any of that.
Do not even mention that on stage.
Then they said, you know, no jokes about your government, our government, do not mention Muslim faith at all or religion at all.
And if you take videos of anything anywhere, [2:43:01] you can be arrested without the proper permission.
So really, like if you take videos of buildings?
Yeah, there's a kid tick tocker who went to prison for a year.
He's in prison right now, because he took unauthorized videos of like the public square in Dubai.
Yeah, and he got thrown in prison.
And that had, so all that was happening when I was about to go.
I was going on the, we were going on the trip in like two days.
It was my girl.
So how would you have to reorganize your act?
So that's what I was like thinking about and I was like, you know, so this was again just three, three, four weeks ago.
We were going.
I only said yes to the gig because it was my girl's 40th birthday and she was like, what a great like we should do it in Dubai.
I was like, I really don't want to go.
She was like, I really don't wanna go.
She was like, the show is on her birthday, April 17th.
So I was like, all right, we'll go.
And then, but I was having all this anxiety.
Not even anxiety, it was more like, you know, like more than my, you know, I have a friend who, you know, gay, gay cop, Mateo Lane, you know, Mateo Lane.
You know, Mateo?
Great comedy, fucking, and then you know, I was talking to Dubai, talking [2:44:06] to the shows and Dubai with him and he was like, yeah man, he was like, I would love to go to Dubai but like, I'm gay, I just, I wouldn't even be allowed in.
And I was like, wow, that's fucking wild that, why am I going to this place?
And I'm sorry of our flight from JFK to Dubai, I ran in Israel, gone into that little skirmish, remember that?
Where people were like World War III, Israel's going to invade Iran, Dubai borders with Iran.
So I was like, I don't wanna go.
I was like, I know that it's probably Iran.
So I was like, I don't wanna go.
I was like, I know that it's probably safe, but I was like, I actually don't wanna be at, why am I going there?
Why are we going to where there's possible conflict?
It's boarding with the country, even though I know Dubai will be safe, I know what's a safe place, I get it.
But like, what am I doing over there?
Why are you and when I mean my girl going our kids are back home what happens if there is a warrant and we can't get [2:45:05] home right what's the point of all this like what what what is it and she was like you know what like then cancel I just had like this gut feeling and then two days later is when the Dubai airports flooded did you see all that yeah that's my show got canceled my the venue flooded you could not get anywhere so and you had already canceled any?
I had canceled it anyway.
The fear that I had was Israel I ran, but then two days later, it was the flooding.
Was that because of cloud seeding?
That's what they say.
I mean, partially, I mean, I don't know, not 100% that, but there was like a weird low pressure zone where they did cloud seed, but the clouds didn't move for a few days or something like that.
Yeah, so that's what happened.
Is it got flooded and I didn't go at all?
And that's why, and that's why Christ, that's why I'm with Christ.
Okay, let's wrap this up.
Chris, great darn idea.
Love you too, buddy.
Love you, babe.
Thank you so much.
My pleasure.
It was fun.
[2:46:01] Yeah.
Bye everybody.
================================================================================
Episode Title: #2143 - Tulsi Gabbard
Transcript:
I The Joe Rogan experience This is the second time we ever worked out together.
I know I feel great.
It was awesome right?
It was great It's a great way to get the days started.
It was perfect actually.
We do these comedian boot camps so we got did it today.
We did it with Hasan and Derek and Shane Shane Gillis and We have fun.
You know, so you get the workout in and you talk a lot of shit and you get silly It's really fun.
It's like real silly.
Yeah, you know, we have a good time.
Yeah, I Yeah, thanks for the invite.
It was.
Oh my pleasure.
I've been on the road for, I don't know, for weeks.
And so, you know, if you're lucky, you get a decent hotel gym.
Right.
But you gotta be really creative.
Yeah.
Most of them, the best they'll have are you know, that's it.
I just realized you're the second celebrity to do that with us and the second Hawaiian.
Because I rocked it.
There's someone going on with pride here.
Something going on with the Hawaiian.
I love to figure out, you know, Max Holloway is Hawaiian and someone too.
He didn't work out though.
Max, last time who's here, he was just off of his win.
Yeah, he gets a break after that, man.
Wow.
Yeah, it takes some time.
No, that, that, um, I was telling you, like, the sauna, I am definitely like from the islands because I'm okay with heat.
So 20 minutes in the sauna, it was good, it was challenging, but it was good.
Yeah.
The cold, however.
That ice bath.
I've done that like a quick polar punch briefly, jumping in, jumping out.
And that one was at the lowest setting in terms of the jets of water.
So what we have is called a blue cube.
And blue cube is the type of cold plunge [2:02] that has an engine in it that you can turn on to higher levels of waves.
If you turn it to the highest level, it's just rushing at you a river.
Is that better or worse?
Horrible.
It's horrible.
You never develop a thermal barrier.
If you can just like cold, all cold water immersion is very good for you.
It's good for cold-shock proteins, norip and effron, mood, stabilization, makes you feel better.
All those things are good, but the still cold is much more tolerable for whatever, I don't know what's better for you.
See, that's the question.
Like is it better?
Is it just as good and more tolerable?
Or is it better to be more to suffer for the full three minutes because if you turn that bitch up or more is the benefit proportional to the suffering is not sure I'm not sure if you suffer more if you get more benefit or if there's a point where you're actually hurting your body right now like maybe maybe there's a point I mean obviously if you stay in the [3:01] cold water too long you'll die that's what hypothermia is yeah, but there's a level where if you just get a few minutes in, it's really good for you.
So I don't know if it's better, if you're miserable.
Yeah, right.
I don't know.
But if you wanna test your mind, that blue cube is the one to do, because that sucker gets fast.
That sucker gets like a river.
So you just laying in there and it's like shed of cold water.
The moment it sucks when you climb in, that moment never changes.
That's the difference because in a regular cold plunge after a while you develop like this thermal barrier and even though it sucks, it only sucks like 80% of what it's sucked when you first got in.
Yeah.
With the blue cube it's 100% sucked.
The whole ride, sucky, suck, suck, suck, just sucks.
So it sounds like you gotta try it at least once.
Yeah.
And figure it out.
We did the, just doing it the way you did it for three minutes.
Like I said, the first time I did, I did like a minute and 24 seconds all work.
I couldn't chicken out in front of all the guys, you know what I mean?
It's like, the rocks.
Like, okay, I'm not gonna be the one who chickens out at a minute.
[4:05] That's not an option.
Well, you did it.
You did it.
No, it was good.
It was good.
It was very challenging.
It was good.
We don't have a cold punch.
It's like, okay, I'm not gonna go in like find bags of ice every single day from 7-11 and dump in the bathtub when I can, I just like dump my face in ice cubes and water.
That's good too.
Yeah, I mean, that'll wake you up.
All that stuff's good.
There's some pretty recently priced options for coolers that you could actually do in a bathtub now.
There's a bunch of different ways to do it, but if you got the scratch, like one of these blue cubes or something similar, little moroscow makes a really good one too, they're really good.
I can see how that feel, the after feeling gets kind of addictive.
I'm sure someone will reach out to you.
Try to get you to use their shit.
It's very good though.
But it's also like the camaraderie, the fun.
[5:01] For sure.
We have fun, listen music.
For sure.
Laugh a lot.
Exactly.
this is perfect yeah it's a good way to get a podcast started yeah oh by the way congratulations to the marijuana enjoyers of the world because the DEA officially rescheduled marijuana to they're gonna reschedule the schedule three wow would still it should it shouldn't be illegal yes we.
We know that.
I agree.
But baby steps, you know, the fact that it's making progress at all just shows that the, you know, the collective will of the people is being heard, at least somewhat.
There was, I'm trying to remember who it was.
Somebody was telling me that like the decriminalization crew, they gave an American flag made out of hemp to a member of Congress to fly above the Capitol because it's a normal thing.
Like, you know, I would get people when I was in Congress calling and saying, hey, it's, you know, my friend is retiring from the military from 30 years.
Can you fly a flag in honor of him or her?
[6:02] And so you get a little certificate with it and this like there are many flags that go up and down every day that are given as gifts to people.
So someone did it with a flag, American flag made out of hemp.
And apparently it caused major problems within the DEA and within the administration saying how dare you, how could anyone allow this to happen?
It made zero sense whatsoever, but it just pointed to the backwards mindset and thinking and the sensitivity within the DEA and the government around cannabis, hemp, marijuana.
It just seems a massive lack of education too.
It's not as simple as, of education too.
It's not as simple as you know you're thinking of it in connection to marijuana.
Its hemp is a commodity that has existed forever.
In fact canvas that writers paint on or that painters artist paint on.
That the original word canvas came from cannabis.
It was made out of hemp.
[7:01] Interesting.
They made hemp paper is a better paper.
They made hemp clothing.
It's far superior to cotton.
The only reason why this is where it gets weird, there's a bunch of things that took place, that took hemp away from being a common source of paper and clothing.
But one of them was making slavery illegal.
Because before they came out with the decorticator, with the primary way they used to process hemp fiber was really painstaking.
Because it's an incredible plant.
It's a very light plant, but it's insanely durable.
Like hemp clothing is so much more, like I have a hemp, jujitsu ghee from Datsura.
Okay.
And that sucker never rips.
My cotton geese, they're good for like, you know, you wear them for like six months a year, they're gonna, the shit starts going.
Even like really strong, stable cotton threads start going.
[8:02] These hemp geese are like, they're invincible.
It's crazy.
And hemp paper is so difficult to tear.
It's like a completely different kind of paper.
It makes no sense.
It's an amazing rope.
It's like you could use it to make concrete.
They make hemp, if you see that, would they make houses with it?
Yeah, my dad is a state senator in Hawaii.
He's the chair of the Agriculture Committee, and for years he's been the state's biggest advocate for hemp as an economic driver and to try to help revive agriculture in Hawaii.
And so he's talked endlessly about the houses and just everything, all of the different benefits of hemp, he's got some hemp, Aloha shirts and the whole deal.
and the whole deal.
This thing that you're talking about, though, the federal government and the classification is the biggest barrier to this actually becoming a really viable and thriving industry in our country because people are growing crops of hemp, but they've got to go through all of this crazy THC testing, [9:02] and I've talked to people who are farmers and business people who are investing in this and they've had to throw like entire crops away because of I don't know the details about the testing but it's just you know one plus one doesn't equal to when you look at the reality of the benefits of hemp and the Farming process and the concerns that they have within the DEA.
So is the concern that has any level of THC at all, becomes illegal even if you're just processing it as a commodity and you're not using it?
Right.
Correct.
But they understand like it's very valuable as a commodity.
Yes.
It's so stupid.
This whole thing is stupid because we're always concerned about, in rightly so, about cutting down forests to make paper.
Right.
Right.
Well guess what?
Hem paper, you can grow an entire, like first of all, it's much more viable.
You have much more product.
It's much more durable and you can regrow it quick.
Exactly.
It just grows right [10:01] back again.
Whereas trees take years and years to grow them back.
Hemp, you got another season.
Okay, here's the hand plant.
Grow's crazy fast, super light, super durable.
Yeah.
Just gotta think about it as a commodity and stop connecting it to marijuana.
Exactly.
And you're going, well, this is invaluable.
Because this could solve a lot of our problems, especially with deforestation.
And then if you look at it for building materials, like, wait, this might be the greatest building material we can use.
It's incredible insulation.
It's very durable and strong.
And again, renewable, like instantaneously it grows so quick.
Yeah.
What's interesting, I mean, for us in Hawaii, I mean, tourism is the biggest economic driver we have.
And every time there's, you know, in the post 9-11, when people weren't traveling so much during COVID, when everything shut down, businesses go out of business.
Small businesses are driven out because if they don't have that driver.
So the conversation always comes up about, okay, well, we've got a diversifier economy.
And this is one of those areas that has huge potential for a small island state like ours in hawaii and what's interesting is [11:05] uh...
miche mcconald i believe he's from kentucky uh...
their state is also a state that is promoting uh...
hemp as a major agriculture driver so there there's opportunity there but it requires a lot more education uh...
from those both in the administration and congress to actually take down those barriers and allow it to actually truly be an industry in America.
Well we started first started selling hemp protein and on it we used to have to get it from Canada.
Hmm.
You can sell in America.
Can't grow it here.
It's like what?
It's just food.
It's just hemp seeds.
It's really good for you.
It's like full of the meal acids and rich and protein and they're like, now can't grow it.
That's just illegal.
You know what's nuts too is the military.
People who are on active duty in the military, they can't put hemp seeds in their smoothie.
They can't use any CBD bomb that you can buy [12:01] at the freaking gas station or anything at all because of the bomb.
Yeah, CBD bomb.
bomb that you can buy at the freaking gas station or anything at all because the bomb yeah CBD bomb anything that has your energy drink that has CBD yeah, I cannot not allow you could you could seriously get punished.
So they cut are they testing blood for CBD.
They they're not testing blood for CBD.
So it's just illegal.
So if you get caught with the product.
If you get caught with the product correct, and their fear is like you're gonna piss hot.
Because you know, you take the, you know, random your analysis tests and everything else.
But it, so, so the, I laughed, you know, I mean, again, it's lack of education, it's fear, and it's like, well well this is bound by the federal government so the military must comply But at the same time the guy Within the army the civilian who was putting out this policy He also said you're not allowed to eat anything with poppy you can't eat a poppy seed muffin You might pass on this one what you will yeah, you will like you can go to Dubai [13:04] You go places where it's like seriously streaks out of your abia, they'll test you for heroin.
You'll test positive for heroin.
Yeah, poppy seeds are rough.
That's a scary one.
It's like, wait a minute.
Bagel poppy seeds?
Right, those things are getting pissed hot for heroin.
Lemon poppy seed muffin?
What?
They tell you if you go in for drug tests do not eat poppy seeds before you go.
It's crazy Bagels right as your test right that's the point.
Yeah, how about your technology?
Biology like all this stuff you guys can get better test Stupid you're gonna put some of the cage for eating a bagel Yeah, but like for a guy in the military that could be the the end of your freaking career.
You could have kicked out for it.
Yeah.
And you know, just being at a party and people are smoking.
And you know, you get second hand smoke and you get to us positive.
Yeah.
Those tests are probably pretty rough because people definitely get high from second hand smoke.
I've seen it happen before.
I've seen sober people go into a room that's filled with pot and everyone comes out like a little loopy like you're breathing into the same air you breathe in in pot here.
[14:10] I just have a dog that I got a shoes of stray and choose a little prone to anxiety as it is and if she was in the room when people spoke pot she would get high and she'd get paranoid she started high on the table.
I was like oh Lucy.
Not good.
You can get the chill factor.
She's like the world is dangerous.
You know, she's still live on the street.
Man.
So it's just, I guess it's a good thing that they've scheduled it, schedule three.
But for sure, forget about the drug part.
They should be encouraging hemp production in this country.
It's an amazing food source.
Hemp has all of the essential amino acids.
It's very rich in protein.
It's easily digestible.
As far as plant-based protein for me is my favorite one.
And the easiest one to digest.
[15:00] Like it's just easy.
Goes down smooth.
There's no problem at all.
And it's very good for you., it's very good for you.
Yeah.
And CBD is very good for you.
But forget about all that.
Just for a commodity, and for building construction and clothing, you know, the first draft, the Declaration of Independence was written on hemp.
I've heard that.
Yeah.
Yeah, like, it was used for everything.
Yeah.
It was used for ropes, for sailboats.
They made sails out of it.
All that's the canvas.
There's all made out of canvas initially.
It was all hemp.
It's just, I mean, I introduced legislation and Congress to deschedulate completely because it shouldn't be.
It just shouldn't be.
Well, while this thing is how it happened in the first place, the wilds thing how it happened in the first place is because it was all William Randolph Hurst in Harry Anselinger.
So what happened was William Randolph Hurst who owned Hurst publications, he also owned not just newspapers but his own paper mills and his own forests.
So he had all these forests that they would cut down the wood and use it to make paper.
[16:03] Well if they were going to transfer over to hemp, this is going to be very costly.
And the cover of Popular Science magazine, and I think it was 19, third, find out what year that cover was, it says hemp, the new billion dollar crop, because they came up with a new machine and it was called a decordicator.
And this new device was a device that allows you to effectively process the hemp fiber in a much quicker and easier way.
So it's a machine that grinds it up.
And so once they do this, they go, oh boy, we figured out they've solved this problem of hemp, which is really, it's very durable, but it's really difficult to break down to the actual fibers.
So 1938.
Oh wow.
So this comes out in 1938, hemp the new billion dollar crop.
And so it's the cover of popular science magazine.
Do you see, do they have the cover?
So you could see what it says?
This is an article actually.
Oh, just an article.
Today about this somewhere program.
Oh wow.
Popular mechanics magazine, I'm sorry.
So, [17:02] so the articles from 1938.
And so when they come out with this, they talk about this new invention.
See if you could find a photo of the decortiquator because it's like this grindy kind of thing.
Does that what it looks like?
Hemped the new billion dollar crop.
So once they had this ability to really quickly turn it into fibers, then big industry starts getting involved.
And what they start doing is they start making these stories and putting them in the newspaper about Mexicans and black people smoking this new drug called marijuana and raping white women.
And marijuana was not pot.
Marijuana was a wild Mexican tobacco.
It was a slang for a wild Mexican tobacco.
It had nothing to do with marijuana.
So they started attaching this name to something and calling it a drug because they knew that cannabis was so ubiquitous and hemp as a commodity was, everybody knew it.
[18:04] What it was good for.
Right.
So they had to come up with some sneaky way to get it through so they come up with the word marijuana.
So marijuana was not a term for pot.
It wasn't a term for cannabis.
It was a term for this wild Mexican tobacco.
And so when they started making marijuana illegal, Congress didn't even understand that it was the same thing as hemp.
And so they had to come up with some sort of a tax stamp that you can have in order to grow hemp while marijuana is illegal.
And then this is like right after prohibition, right?
So prohibition ends, you got all these cops that were used to bust in people, like, sick them on the farmers now.
Exactly.
And this is what happened.
Exactly.
And this is what happened.
Exactly.
And then they come up with these dopey movies that are amazing to watch today.
Have you ever seen Reefer Madness?
Mm-hmm.
It's crazy.
It's like people smoking pot, just jumping out of windows and killing people.
It's like, it has this guy smoking pot.
Talk about some propaganda.
Oh, it's the worst propaganda.
But it was really effective like this is it i've got a few of these uh...
posters weird that i have them i have them uh...
framed [19:10] oh my god because these movies were insane and they were just well propaganda crime sorrow hate shame despair find the movie find a clip from the movie reforemanus we just watch it without playing but it's it was so nutty and they scared everybody.
Yeah, oh my god.
Oh my god Oh my god.
So Understand that media has sucked forever.
Yeah, just understand that.
So this is reaffirmandess So that dude on the piano he's a reaffirmand So that dude on the piano he's a reaper man [20:07] Look at him harmless-looking cigarettes, hidden in an innocent shoe, or watch case.
In this startling film you will see Dolphsters lure children to destruction.
if you want a good smoke try one of these one's to pride in his strong will as he takes the first step toward enslavement enslavement smoking the soul destroying refer they find a moment's pleasure but at a terrible price oh wow look she's gonna jump out the window oh my gosh geez [21:03] apparently it makes you act terrible too you You're right.
Terrible at acting.
Play the stop.
Play faster.
Play faster.
She's actually playing pretty good for someone who's stoned.
Yeah.
You know, imagine being hammered and trying to play that.
Oh my gosh.
Yeah, so this was the propaganda from, and what year was that, Jamie?
36.
Wow.
This this is all They're all like trying to stop hemp as a commodity.
Wow.
That's really what it's all about.
Yeah.
It's really not about It isn't it fascinating just to see just you know The repetition of the the propaganda information warfare To be able to serve a special interest Yeah, it's ridiculous and it's ridiculous that it's always existing.
Fomenting fear and yeah, and that it was going on almost a hundred years ago.
And what's also important about it is the problem with something like that is that now you don't trust the media, right?
Now if you don't trust the media and then you go out and try it yourself, [22:01] you don't have real accurate information because now there's these narratives that have been created that aren't based on truth, and so you don't know where to go.
You don't know what's real and what's not, and then you have people that tell you it's harmless, and then you have people that tell you, eh, there's people like me, they go, eh, because I'm like, it's not harmless.
It's not, marijuana is not a harmless thing.
You definitely shouldn't take it when you're young.
And here's what's really important.
Some people can't handle it for whatever reason.
And it's most likely some biological thing.
Just like some people are allergic to aspirin or whatever.
Like there's some people they don't mix well with that stuff.
And there's a real connection between schizophrenia with some people that maybe are percept susceptible to schizophrenia.
Alex Baronsine wrote a great book about called Tell Your Children.
It's very interesting because there's real instances of people taking high doses and getting schizophrenia.
But if we were being lied to about it, no one knows what, who did, who's gonna give me the information?
Where's the truth coming out?
[23:01] Because if one group is saying that this is a schedule, one chemical and it's very dangerous, and then all your friends are just smoking weed and going to the movies.
You're like, well, clearly, this is not that dangerous.
Like Jiu-Jitsu people, and surfers, they're all getting high.
What's real here?
And because we don't have the ability to just honestly talk about things without everything getting so weird and like the hemp thing.
Like having a hemp flag.
Like this is a problem with the DEA.
Hey guys, don't you have fentanyl to worry about why you fucking with flags.
Seriously, it makes sense.
It's only 10,000 DEA agents.
I think there's 10,100 some DEA agents.
You guys got time for flags?
How many pounds of fentanyl is coming through that board and why we're talking?
Yeah.
Well, you and I are talking, how much fentanyl is making it across in people's shoes and underwear and where the fuck they're hiding it?
No one's checking everybody.
Yeah.
No, it's true.
It's, and then of course, all the medicinal qualities [24:02] of CBD as well and how many people and kids and just people are benefiting from that.
Well, Dave Foley told me that his arthritis was so bad that his fingers were kind of like locked in this position.
He had a really hard time straightening him.
So he started taking CBD.
And he's like, it's so much better now.
Wow.
Just like my fingers have full range of motion though.
Yeah.
I know so many people that take it for like aches and pains and And it actually helps some people with anxiety too, which is interesting The conflict here is as you know, you know as majority of states in the country have legalized it in some fashion Whether it's medicinal or recreational or whatever all these different levels, but because of the federal Prohibition essentially, you essentially, you've got banking, it is a multi, I don't know, multi-hundred million dollar industry at least at this point, but in order to be able to conduct business with the bank, the bank and the business owner faces a potential [25:01] federal charge of a crime.
And so it's, you know, the second, third, fourth order of effects of this scheduling of cannabis is very, very far reaching and creating a worst problem which, you know, okay, we should do this on the black market, is this just become a cash industry or where does this go?
Yeah, and the problem also is by having some states have it legal and some states have it illegal then you still open up a market for illegal sales in the country and what happens is the cartel comes in Right, and they start growing it on public lands I had a guy on the podcast name is John Norris and he started off as a game warden So he started off as a guy who's gonna check fishing licenses and stuff.
And one day they find that a stream has been diverted and they're trying to figure out why why this stream is dried up.
So they make their way up the stream and they find this irrigation system is set up for an illegal marijuana grow-up in the middle of public land in California.
[26:03] So then they develop a tactical team.
So it goes from being him being a game board and now they have dogs and bulletproof vests are getting in shootouts with the cartel.
So they're, because they're making millions of dollars, but they're using really dangerous chemicals and pesticides that are illegal to use on crops in America.
And they're just using that shit up there.
So who knows what the fuck you're getting if you're living in one of these states that has illegal pot?
Because when California changed the law and made marijuana legal recreationally, they made growing marijuana without a license, it's just a misdemeanor.
So these guys that are just doing it now from the cartel, they're like, this is, you have nothing to risk.
Right.
It's a misdemeanor and we can make millions and millions of dollars.
And so they have these guys up there.
They have like, you know, rosaries and all these like photos of Jesus and shit.
They find in campgrounds and they pay these guys to go out there, grow this stuff and then bring it out.
Harvest it and bring it out.
[27:01] And they're selling it.
He said that, I think, believe John said at the time of our podcast, that 90% of all the marijuana that's being sold in the States where it's illegal is all from these grow-ups.
A lot of them in California on public land by the cartels.
90%.
Yeah.
90.
Even good old fashioned American pot growing entrepreneurs.
The illegal ones, they keep up with the cartel.
And this is because it's illegal.
And this is the same reason why fentanyl's coming in.
The same, I mean, don't do heroin, kids.
Okay, but it should, if you keep everything illegal, you're gonna just prop up the government of these countries that is allowing this stuff to come in and they're allowing people to grow it or they can't do anything about it because the cartel has so much money and so much power that the government is basically helpless.
And it's being propped up by Americans.
100%.
100%.
[28:01] It's a rough thing to deal with because we don't wanna say say let's make all drugs legal Because my god the last thing you want is your kid to die of a drug So nobody wants ever kids to be doing drugs, but also if you don't do that You're just gonna empower our neighbors to the south who happen to be drug dealers some of them and They're making billions of dollars, some drugs to America.
And you're killing kids at a rate higher than ever in recorded history.
People are dying, there's 100,000 plus people every year that are dying from opioid overdoses.
Which is nuts.
That's so much.
That's crazy that it's happening here in the United States of America.
And the thing is, this is where it's hard.
It's happening because it's illegal, which sounds so counterintuitive.
The problem is if it was legal, there would be a long period of time or it'd be really bad.
[29:01] I think if it was legal, too many people would try it, that wouldn't try it.
Wouldn't have otherwise.
Yeah, they're not going to go to a drug deal.
But if they can just go to the CVS and buy heroin, like let's see what the fuss is all about.
Yeah.
You know, that's spooky.
I think that this is the conversation that needs to be had though.
You know what I mean?
It's the same thing about people unwilling to even discuss.
What is the right path?
How do we handle this crisis that is a national crisis?
Yeah, there's so many people's lives.
Tell people not to do it.
Yeah, right.
It's okay.
Just like that.
I don't know how that works out.
That doesn't work.
It doesn't work.
We're in a weird spot.
I was in San Diego a few weeks ago.
We went out to film a little mini documentary about what's happening at the border in San Diego.
There's a lot of attention being put on Texas and Arizona, but California's border is a [30:03] whole different dynamic, both because they've got a long stretch of border where you're crossing in and you're going straight to mountains, big open spaces.
But then you've got the very dense urban corridor, I suppose, where people, whether they're coming in through the water, they're just coming across the border where they can disappear into neighborhoods very quickly.
But what was there's a few things that were very eye-opening and interesting.
Number one is we know that the borders are open because we know how many people are coming through.
The numbers that are being reported, I think it's close to 9 million now, just over the course of the Biden administration.
What I saw there were people coming in and we were just driving around and we saw groups of people gathering in different locations from all over the world, illegal immigrants, and seemingly happy and going to the place where they were told to go [31:00] or they knew that Border Patrol was going to pick them up and knowing that they will get processed, claim asylum, and most of them will be out with the plane ticket anywhere in the country within 24 hours.
And so it's crazy.
It's, you know, and I've talked to some of the Border Patrol agents and, you know, they're not allowed to say anything on the record, but just the frustration that's being felt where they can't even do their job.
What is the justification for the plane ticket?
They don't have the ability to house people where they are.
So just like, where do you wanna go?
You top, okay, here you go.
Where do you wanna go?
New York City?
And I went and I talked to a lot of them.
I sat down and talked with people from Brazil from Egypt from Colombia from Venezuela from You know different parts of Eastern Europe people from all over the world coming here with with the known plan in this well-oiled machine [32:03] And and I'm talking about this because it is very directed to the cartels, directly connected to the cartels, who are being enabled in their multi-billion dollar human trafficking operation across the border by our policies, by the Biden administration's policies at the border, which is connected to their ability to move fentanyl and other drugs across the border.
And so we spent a couple of days at the border there and then went into the city of San Diego and went and started talking to some homeless people and talking to people who were clearly, clearly extremely high on multiple drugs.
And we're walking around with one of the community relations police officers there who's just playing clothes, he's walking around and keeping an eye on what's going on there.
But we talked to this one guy who had a crack pipe in his hand.
He seemed barely conscious, but we had a he was engaging in a long conversation with us and you know I was asking him about [33:03] fentanyl and he's like oh, I take fentanyl sometimes.
But I usually take it at night to help me go to sleep.
I asked, like, aren't you afraid of not waking up?
He's like, yeah, I've had a lot of friends who died from fentanyl.
But I know how much to take.
I know how to manage it and have you have you.
He's like, yeah, I almost died twice.
And I was revived.
But in then asking him, the police officer asked him, what would it take to get you off the street?
What would it take to get you to a place where you can get some help and to get off drugs?
And he said, he's 27 year old guy, nothing, nothing.
He said, there's too many rules in the places where I could go and stay and I want to live my life this way It was so heartbreaking to see him, you know his eyes were barely open and and Clearly in an altered state of mind, but even in that state in this conversation [34:02] clearly in an altered state of mind, but even in that state in this conversation, how do you help someone who doesn't wanna be helped?
You can't.
It's the problem.
I mean, you could talk to them.
You could hope that they could get some information from you that shifts the way they think about things, but the addiction gets so deep.
And there's this thing that some addicts will say is that I feel better when I'm high.
That it's the only time I feel good.
It's the only thing good that I have in my life is when I get high.
And if you take that away, my life is terrible.
And if you've been an addict for a long time, the longer you're an addict, in fact, the more that's true, right?
Because the more your life is a wreck.
And then you're forced to deal with it when you come off and you realize like, oh my god, I'm 45 years old and I'm a heroin addict.
Like what the fuck?
How is this exactly?
And then now your sober and your life is in shambles and you try to like figure out how did you go so wrong?
And then the only thing that made you feel good was Aaron when you want to go back.
You want to go back to that.
[35:05] And it's also people like get really scared of success.
Even success in staying sober, they get scared of doing things well and they see comfort and failure because they've become accustomed to failure.
So if they the pressure of doing well and of like staying sober and like keep and healthy, like it's almost too much.
Just the maintaining, the psychological, the anxiety, all the fear that comes with failing, that you just wanna fail just so you could just feel comfortable again.
Because then you don't have to.
There's no pressure.
Yeah, you don't have to deal with the pressure.
Yeah.
It's scary.
The human mind is so susceptible to so many different things, whether it's cults or addictions or you know, I mean, we're very weirdly vulnerable to a lot of like very strange things.
And a lot of these things I think, a lot of the mental issues are accentuated by social media.
I think [36:03] that they exacerbate them badly.
I think there's a lot of undiagnosed mentally ill people that are just killing themselves by being online all the time.
I believe it.
I really do.
I think it's terrible for you.
Yeah.
I mean, it's so easy to get sucked into it.
It's so easy.
And people that are like arguing with people constantly online.
Exactly.
My God, what a terrible waste of time.
Yeah.
When that becomes your reality, dealing with people and perceptions and, you know, measuring yourself against whatever you're seeing and all of it, and you slip out of the real world in building real relationships and friendships and having real conversations.
Yeah, they were comparing too.
The comparing is something that you and I didn't have to grow up with.
Exactly.
And we're very, very fortunate because especially young girls today and Jonathan hates work on this has been really interesting.
His book, The Coddling of the American Mind is a great one.
And it's all about what you could see like exactly when social media is [37:03] invented all this self harm and all the suicidal thoughts, suicidal ideation and suicide all goes up for girls.
And it's comparing themselves.
Doesn't surprise me.
Yeah, absolutely.
It's such a bizarre thing that a person can get super duper famous or just dancing on an app that goes online and then they make millions of dollars and feel like you're age And you're like what's wrong with me?
I'm a lou, you can't just leave your life and hang out with your friends Yeah, everyone is an constant comparison with impossible people that shouldn't even exist And then you and then you add in the the layer of AI onto that where you have complete You've got videos and pictures of people who are a digital construct.
You can just not.
People are paying to talk to them.
There's this guy, they found, they were doing this study on AI girlfriends, where people have interactions with AI.
This guy was spending $10,000 a month [38:02] on his AI girlfriend.
Oh my gosh.
Oh my gosh.
I just could get that guy.
They just gotta find him.
If they just find that guy, they could talk that guy into anything.
If you're willing to get, you're gonna get an AI girlfriend 10,000 bucks a month.
Yeah, you'll join the monies.
You'll be in whatever comes along, grabs you, son.
You're vulnerable.
They'll get you.
But that's, you know, you look at what's happening on college campuses across the country right now.
It speaks exactly to that, that vulnerability of being manipulated or, you know, sold in ideology and then grabbing onto it as though you now have a sense of purpose.
Yeah, that's the problem.
The sense of purpose is like so attractive to people that there's so many kids that want to be like so righteous and they just want to like criticize and yell at other people who don't feel the same way they do.
And so it like you're seeing these Israel versus Palestine [39:09] things on school campuses, and like, my God, which brings me to, this is an interesting thought.
What's your opinion on this potential TikTok ban?
I oppose it.
I oppose it on the grounds of free speech and civil liberties.
You know, this is speaking of fomenting fear.
This is one of those pieces of legislation that's, you know, if you just read the talking points for those who support it and it's supported by many people in Congress on both sides of the aisle, you think like, oh my gosh, we've got a national security risk and you've got concern for our kids and all of this other stuff.
But when you actually read the language and understand the implications of what this legislation does, it's not really about TikTok at all.
It's about government being able to choose what platforms are acceptable and what are not and what we as Americans are able to either get information from or put information out.
[40:09] And then you look at, okay, well, if they're giving themselves that authority, how will it then be enforced?
Then you get into the civil liberties concern of the Fourth Amendment of government overreach and trying to figure out, okay, well, now I'm going to have to look into your phone and figure out if you're the guy who's using the VPN to illegally download this app.
Then you're looking at, you know, the designation is that if you have 20% or more ownership stake or stake in a business that has been designated by our government to be illegal because of its association with a foreign adversary.
There are a few countries listed there, but the president would have the power to designate any other country of foreign adversary without any [41:01] kind of, you know, Congress wouldn't have to take actions.
It's a unilateral move.
You are also implicated if you are someone who the government determines to be influenced by or connected with one of these countries that is a foreign adversary.
And so, you know, Elon Musk has talked about this.
It is not outside of the realm of the not only possible, but the probable that if they wanted to say, okay, well, Elon Musk is doing business with this country that we don't like.
And oh, he also owns this platform called X.
X should be shut down because of this association.
The writing Ron Paul said it best when he said that this legislation is the most, and I'm paraphrasing, but he said it's the most egregious violation of civil liberty since the Patriot Act was passed in the wake of 9-11.
And when you look at the arguments that are being made around both of those pushes, They are very eerily similar in invoking national security concerns.
[42:08] And the language in the way that's written is intentionally vague that puts far more power into the hands of the executive branch, just like the Patriot Act did, to single-handedly say, well, this is a good guy and this is a bad guy.
And that has a direct implication on Americans.
And wasn't there another recent thing that passed that allows more observation of people through cell phones?
Yes.
Yes.
And both of these things were actually wrapped up into that same bill that was the same bill.
They lumped together a whole bunch of different things.
They were separate previously, but the thing that the TikTok ban was lumped together with was the bill that would reinstate or extend the FISA authorities, the Foreign Intelligence [43:02] Security Act authorities for another two years.
Section 702 of FISA gives our government the authority to surveil foreign actors essentially to try to identify terrorist threats.
But part of that is they have the ability to capture all of the conversations.
If you talk to somebody in another country that they're interested in, they can then go in and capture all of your information as an American citizen.
And they can do this without a warrant.
This has been in place for quite some time, but this legislation that was just passed recently expanded those authorities.
So they can go and actually look at like your Wi-Fi history.
If you're connected to Wi-Fi, they can look at everything that you did, connected to that Wi-Fi signal and in some other ways.
It took an already bad problem and made it many, many times worse.
[44:00] And again, they're just saying, well, it's for national security.
The problem here is- That's the thing they always say.
worse and again they're just saying well it's for national security.
The problem here is that's the thing they always say.
That's the thing they always say and it's like, you know, I think it was Benjamin Franklin who said if you know, if you are choosing security over liberty, you will neither be secure nor will you have liberty.
That's not an actual quote, but that's basically the point here.
And that's the false choice that so many of these politicians are forcing on the American people is you can either be less free and more safe, or you can be more free.
And oh, by the way, you're going to invite more terrorist attacks or more national security incursions on our country.
And it's just BS.
It is BS.
It's also very un-American.
It is.
Here's the problem with government overreach.
The government is just people.
Yeah.
That's the problem.
Like, you know, if you thought of them as something [45:02] other than a three letter name like DEA,.A., C.I.A., and I say, just a bunch of people.
He would go, well, why is this like the D.E.A.?
Why is this 10,000 people telling all these other people what to do?
That sounds crazy.
There's way more than the nor of us.
If it was just in this room and Jamie turns out to be the cop and he says, hey, I'm going to put you to prison because I heard you like hemp.
Jimmy fuck off.
That's crazy.
But if it's a government agency with a three letter name, you'll be like, oh, there's the government.
The government is just human beings.
And there's just a natural inclination that people in power have is to try to gain more power.
Rich people want to get richer, hot people want to get hotter like this is what it is.
You know, it's like everybody wants to improve.
Yeah.
And the governments, they're in the business of telling you what to do and they want to be better at that business.
Yeah.
And the best way is to be able to like constantly be able to surveil everything you say [46:02] and do.
Right.
And again, it goes.
Which doesn't let them.
No.
And this is the problem.
This is the problem is that every elected official swears and oath to support and defend the Constitution.
Yet as we saw with this most recent example, they are so ready to undermine our Fourth Amendment rights in the Constitution in the name of national security.
And I know some of them are doing it with good intention, but without actually considering that the challenge and responsibility of those in government and those who have this power is to strike that correct balance between ensuring that our liberties and our constitutional rights are protected.
You swear an oath to do this.
When you take this job while also ensuring, okay, well, we can do both and we must do both.
We can be safe and secure and also be able to live free without worrying about every time you pick up your phone or you make a phone call wondering if the government is surveilling us.
[47:01] And then you add on to that what's happening now where January 6, for example.
I was working out in the gym, Marine Corps gym and Hawaii down the street from our house, bumped into a guy who I met.
It's a long story, but I met him when the rocks stunt double was getting his traditional Samoan tattoo.
And it's a whole ceremony.
It was a seven day thing.
And so this other guy is Samoan tattoo and it's a whole ceremony.
It was a seven day thing and so this other guy is Samoan.
We met and became friends.
I saw him in the gym and he's with his 14-year-old son.
How's it going?
This and that.
He's like, oh, the FBI just came to my house out in La Ia, small rural community on the island of Oahu.
I was like, what's going on?
He's like, yeah, they came and knocked on my door because he said I took my son to go and witness Democracy so they were part of those thousands of people who were out there on the lawn of the capital and They they didn't arrest them.
They didn't charge him with anything But but how is it?
How is it that you know years later years later?
[48:01] They go and find this guy in his family in a rural Mormon community in La EA and Hawaii.
They're capturing all of the data of people whose cell phones were pinging within that vicinity during that period of time, not only on January 6th, and they are continuing to widen that net, looking at flight records and who bought tickets and who booked hotels and all of this stuff.
For what, you're gonna go, the FBI's gonna go and investigate people who showed up there on the lawn on the Capitol.
You look at what they're, and this is this is my thing.
It's my thing.
It is absolutely scare-tacked.
So we look at the power of the government and how they're now turning on the American people for political reasons, we can see where even the best of intentions with some of these pieces of legislation can lead to the very worst places.
What to speak of the fact that we have limited resource and limited people.
[49:03] What are they not investigating?
You talked about the DEA.
What about the FBI and all these millions of people are coming across our border?
Are they tracking who they are?
No, they're not.
Are they tracking where they're going?
No, they're not.
We have no idea people coming from the Middle East, and Asia, and Eastern Europe, and Venezuela, gang members, like all of this stuff is happening right before our very eyes and they're going in knocking on my friends door in la ea because he brought his fourteen year old son to washington dc that week and here's the question uh...
was that the idea how many how many people were there and how come they don't have to answer that they don't say why not be transparent also they should be there like the government should be there in case some shit goes sideways.
Exactly.
Right?
I'm sure they're there.
But are some of the agents not good?
Just like some dentist suck.
Are some of the agents not good and are some of the agents encouraging people to go in?
[50:02] Because that could be true too.
Because if we look at what happened with the governor of Michigan, right?
There was a Michigan, Minnesota, Michigan.
That story is bonkers.
When you find it, what was it like, 11 of the people involved in the kidnapping scheme were FBI informants?
Right.
What?
And these two dopes who just dumbasses, like ADIq dumbasses They cosplay and they were gonna They don't know what they're doing they're stupid yeah, and those poor fucks have to go to jail Yeah, exactly the whole thing was scheduled and set up by FBI informants like that seems crazy and set up by FBI informants.
Like that seems crazy.
Aren't there real problems instead of like creating problems and then arresting people for those problems?
Aren't there real problems going on?
And if there's not, like you guys good at your job.
Right.
We're trusting you.
And there are, you know.
For sure.
I know some great FBI agents [51:01] and they're people who are doing good work.
Absolutely.
I've met great FBI agents and they're people who are doing good work.
Absolutely.
I've met great FBI agents.
Phenomenonize people, good people, patriots.
Absolutely.
But they're like dentists.
Some of them are great.
This is so important.
I mean, it's just, you know, it's, you know, you can say, in some militaries and law enforcement, like, yes, you are going to find those few, for sure, they are there.
But with, so I've talked to different people than the FBI and what they've shared is that there's kind of like a bifurcation in the agency where there are people who are really, really angry and frustrated about the politicization of the FBI that's occurring by the heads.
And then there are others who are just like full-s send, we're on board, let's go.
And it's creating a lot of friction and a lot of fear within the agency, I don't know if the agency of people get confused, let's just see, I know there's probably some similar things going on there, but within the FBI, a lot of fear that you gotta watch [52:03] what you say around even your own colleagues and your own peers because there are people who are on different sides, which is horrible.
Like you are on the side of America.
You are on the side of the American people and upholding the rule of law and securing our country, going after the bad guys.
Well, when the bad guys now become your neighbor down the street, we're in a very different realm, a dangerous one.
It's just how it is with people.
Red Sox fans hate Yankee fans.
Just like in the same country, you're going to have conflict even inside the FBI.
You're going to have conflict in every group.
You're going to power struggles.
You know, you're either with Bob or you're not.
You want to make it in this business.
You're going to have conflict in every group.
You're going to have power struggles.
You're either with Bob or you're not.
If you want to make it in this business, you want to get to the top of this agency, you got to stay with Bob and Bob's fucking calling the shots.
I'm on team Bob, like, fuck Mike.
That's what happens with people.
It happens in everything.
You have people that are going with good intentions and they get corrupted by systems that are corrupt.
That's where for the, you know, across, [53:06] whether it's the FBI, the Department of Justice, all of these, it matters, you know, who's in charge.
These are all civilian led organizations.
They are political appointees.
And, you know, in theory, they are the people who should be held accountable, but they are setting that tone.
Did you hear what AOC said?
She said the people that are coming in to this country, most of them, it's because of climate change.
I didn't hear that one.
It's amazing.
It is straight out of South Park.
Oh my gosh.
It's straight out of South Park.
Wow.
Like what?
Yeah, I know.
Oh that's all the reason.
Oh, is there more?
Is the climate changed more than I know?
Do you know something I don't know?
Like, what are you saying?
What's going on down there?
The best are those clips.
I just saw one on Instagram the other day from like 1985 where a news [54:01] casters, I think might have been black and white.
And she's saying the climate-change scientists tell us that we may only have 10 years before the Earth is destroyed.
1992 is going to be the year.
And then whoever made this clip, they juxtaposed her clip with one from Bernie Sanders, saying the exact same thing with a different date, you know, how many decades later?
The problem is when you fear Manga, you distract people from the real issue.
Yes.
Like what is really going on?
Like how bad are we fucking up the planet?
You know, here's one that doesn't get discussed enough.
We've killed everything in the ocean.
The ocean is depleted.
What was the number, Jamie?
Like 90% of the big fish are gone.
Yeah.
Some crazy number like that.
Because of just, just imagine how psychonic it is to have a species that goes into another dimension [55:04] that it's not a resident of and uses nets and just takes everything it can get.
And catch us a bunch of dolphins and shit there that doesn't want anyway and they all die.
Exactly.
A new global study concludes that 90% of all large fishes have disappeared from the world's oceans in the past half century in 50 years.
So that's a cataclysm.
That's a disaster of epic proportion when it comes to ecology and when it comes to just the environment of the world itself.
We're killing most, because we like sushi.
We're killing most of what's in the ocean.
It's bananas.
Yeah.
And so that is getting ignored because everyone is talking about fossil fuels.
And I wonder how much of this is pushed by foreign countries through social media.
Because there is a thing that you can do [56:02] and nudge conversations in a certain way with bots and with fake statistics and with fear mongering.
Meanwhile, China is opening hundreds of new coal power plans.
They're doubling down on coal.
I think through TikTok and through probably Facebook and YouTube and all these different things, Instagram, I'm'm sure there's countless bots that are putting out videos and pushing narratives and finding the way into your algorithm and they affect the way people think about things.
And guess what?
If you go to Chinese TikTok, it's all academic accomplishments, martial arts demonstrations, science achievements, and you can't go on after 10 p.m.
Right.
And neither America, it's dudes with fake eyelashes.
We need stories to talk.
Exactly.
And it's everybody telling you the ocean's gonna boil.
Yeah.
It's weird.
It's, some of Ben Laden's Let It To America.
Yeah.
The Let It To America thing was wild too, [57:01] where everybody was like, wow.
You know, it's how I've been lying ahead of me.
Oh my gosh.
That's, I had a dinner the other night with a family.
It was during the holiday of Passover.
And this question came up about what would happen if another 9-11 style terrorist attack or some major incident like that came up in our country today, would it have that same kind of unifying effect that occurred after that attack on 9-11?
And when you look at things like that, like the Osama bin Laden letter and you look at how there is, I mean, there's an entire, not an entire generation, but there's a lot of people now who I wouldn't be surprised if they said, well, you know, such an attack was justified and not have that same kind of sense of unity of like, okay, no matter our differences, we got to stand together as Americans.
And that's a, that should be [58:04] a serious concern It's it should be a serious concern also when you really take into consideration how many genuinely dumb people there are and when you have a situation like October 7th in Israel I saw within days before Israel did what they did in Palson within days I saw people justifying the attacks on October 7th because of the treatment that Israel has given to the Palestinians.
I'm like, hey, that's crazy.
That's crazy.
That's crazy to say that you think people should be indiscriminately shot, killed, and just en masse at a fucking rave, like paratrooping.
And you think that's okay because of what Israel is done.
But guess what, those people didn't do that.
Those people at the rave and those people that are on the border, those are apparently according to Ari, those are the hippies.
They're the ones who want to be, they're the ones who don't believe that we should be.
They don't believe in borders.
Yeah, they don't believe in borders.
They want to Exactly.
And that that's where you know some of the things that they're chanting at at that these protesters are chanting at Columbia University and some of the other ones [59:08] We hope that October 7th happens 10,000 times over they say you know celebrating Hamasismless terrorist organization.
It's it is it's it's You know, I don't I don't think we can just dismiss them as just being stupid.
You know what I mean?
Like these kids are going to Ivy League schools.
They are being absolutely manipulated.
And there is a very intentional ideological war that is being waged in this example by these radicalismist groups like Hamas.
And they had planned this.
They've been doing this for a hundred of years and they're using technology and they're using other means to be able to achieve that end.
No doubt, as is Russia, as is China, they've infiltrated universities, the famous Uri Besbimoff speech from 1984, which is crazy when you hear it today [1:00:00] because he called it.
He knew what was gonna happen and it's happening and it's happening from college campuses outward.
So the most radical of these ideologies are being promoted on colleges because the kids are the youngest.
They don't have jobs in real world experience.
They don't have, they don't, they're young.
They have ideologies.
They're a little bit unrealistic and they're all captured by this status game that's going on on campus where you're trying to be the most radical, like, oh, he's so radically propoused on, he's so hot.
You know, and then that really becomes a thing.
You become virtuous and you become attractive.
You become interesting without actually being interesting just because you have this rabid adherence to an ideology that's right now it's invoked and that's really what it is and I think a lot of that is funded by foreign governments and there's a lot of evidence points to it and we should consider it as a possibility and don't dismiss it as a conspiracy theory consider it as a possibility and so this is a question about things like TikTok [1:01:03] like and and Twitter and all of them, all of them.
Because I guarantee you it's not just foreign countries kids.
I guarantee you there are people in this country that are using it.
I know businesses do it.
I guarantee you people do it to try to influence the way people think about things.
And when you see posts, I've seen posts multiple times saying outrageous things.
And I'll just, okay, let me click on this guy.
And it's usually some letters and numbers and name maybe and a bunch of numbers.
And then I click and I'm really, oh, fake person.
Just go through all their posts.
Yeah, it's all just retweeting inflammatory stuff.
And it's nut just retweeting inflammatory stuff and It's a nutty fucking crazy Politics takes and like really aggressive takes on things and like wow [1:02:00] Yeah, how many of them are there?
Yeah, I there there's there's no there's no question that this is happening and and the social media algorithms are feeding it and playing playing right into it and in our attention and our minds are the commodity.
100% and if they can just trick you and to buy some stuff along the way, they'll agree.
Exactly.
Exactly.
Whatever thought that your data would be so valuable.
That's the thing about when you and I were younger, it meant nothing.
Your data meant nothing.
Like, what is it?
What are you talking about, my data?
Exactly.
These talking about my data?
What are you talking about my data?
What is that?
Why would anybody be interested in that?
My first inclination to data meant something was I bought Dianetics.
I bought that book in like 1994 when I first moved to Hollywood and Scientology never stopped sending me things.
They never stopped.
Like we got one.
Yeah, I was like, oh, that's how they get you.
Yeah.
And then they get you to join.
I guess you have to give them a piece, give them a taste.
What you doing?
You're trying to group me.
Yeah.
And so data now is responsible for the largest corporations in terms of the amount of money.
[1:03:01] Yeah.
Like, think about Apple.
How big Apple is and how much data Apple has.
Apple is better with data than Android systems are.
Google is terrible with it.
With their ditches, there's a side-fitting data.
That's the fallacy, that's the falsehood of the argument for people who are pushing that TikTok ban bill.
If they're claiming they're concerned about data security and privacy and making sure that our data is protected, you got to do it across the board because every single one of these social media or big tech companies collecting as much as they possibly can.
And if you think they're not selling it to the highest bidder, whether they be an American company or a foreign company, of course they are.
This is their business model.
Wasn't there some controversy about one of the DNA companies, whether it's ancestry or one of the other ones?
There was.
Where they sold their data to China.
I think so.
I don't remember which one.
You sold everybody's jeans?
[1:04:01] Yeah.
Like I didn't know.
Oh, you could do that.
I wouldn't have signed up for that.
You could sell my jeans to China.
Like if China was like offering free DNA test.
What was it?
Was it?
No, it was the insult to China.
Who they sell to?
Uh, Clarkson Smith Klein.
A big pharma.
Ooh.
That's even scarier.
And who they it to?
They can sell it to anybody else too, right?
It's 23 of me sells anonymous DNA in a drug company for 20 million.
Bleh!
That's not that anonymous.
Oh, it's not that anonymous.
Guys, it's anonymous.
Yeah, of course.
Of course.
Wasn't there one with China though, with Ancestry?
Yeah, this is 23 in me.
This is interesty as well.
Interest saying.
20 million dollars.
I remember something about China.
I mean, I just typed in data sold and that's what comes right.
I might be on the wrong forum, so.
I might be on some good spirit world forums.
I might have gone on 2D but on the JFK rabbit hole the other night.
[1:05:01] This is what you said.
Oh, okay, China.
There it goes.
Ground breaking move that has sent shock waves through the biotech industry, 23 and me, the leading personal geonomics and biotechnology companies officially announce a sale of its entire DNA database to the Chinese government for an astonishing $10 billion.
Wow.
Yeah, so that's the one I was looking for.
I'll just add that that's only coming from a medium article, not any other articles they're saying.
Jamie, why do you have to fuck it up with us?
I'm gonna try and understand what's happening.
I don't know.
Jamie's on it.
Why you gotta fuck it up with facts?
Yeah, who knows?
But your data is extremely valuable.
That's weird.
And it's also valuable to humans.
It's humans selling other humans data.
Whether you call them Facebook or Google or the DEA, it's just a bunch of people.
And if they don't have to follow the same rules that you follow, then we have real problems.
And when you have entire groups of people that are dependent upon technology [1:06:05] that's controlled almost entirely by one ideology.
And then you let the government get involved.
Like they did with Twitter.
And you see the Twitter files, you're like, oh Jesus, like this is bad.
Like you let the government have a back door and they started sneaking around and telling you what to do, what not to do and you were complying People right we're telling other people that they couldn't have Experts from Harvard and Stanford talk about Medical problems.
Yes, you got to stop this.
Yes.
Stop those S.
Ep experts from talking remove those posts ban those people like Government is saying that exactly and exactly and even if they're not even if they're not saying hey do this or else even if they're not making an explicit threat just a fact you're getting requests from the government like what are what would you like what are you gonna do the FBI is calling saying like hey we'd really like you to do x wire z [1:07:03] in my mind be like okay like what what am I gonna be investigated for outside of this if I say no?
Also.
What are the consequences gonna be?
If you're a person working at Twitter, right?
This is not you, they're not investigating you.
They're investigating someone else, right?
So if they're going in, they're talking about these posts, like hey, this expert is spreading misinformation.
And this is like, they're causing vaccine hesitancy or whatever they're causing.
We need to stop this, put a stop to this.
Like, why is the government being involved in a dispute between doctors and the pharmaceutical drug companies?
Like, what are you doing?
And how do you know?
Did you guys adjudicate this?
Did you guys get in front of you know?
Did you guys adjudicate this?
Did you guys get in front of a court?
Did you guys get in front of experts?
Did people testify?
Did you have someone who's pro and con this?
Someone who lays out this argument?
Did you examine this?
No, no, no, you didn't.
Now you just contacted Twitter.
And Twitter said, okay, because what are they going [1:08:01] to do?
They're fucking executives.
If you're working at Twitter and this old Twitter and you're like super woke and you know you just been drinking lattes and going into the meditation room then also you get an email from the FBI like I don't want to fuck up this job.
I got a cushy job and you're like okay what do I have to do?
Okay I'll do that.
Yeah.
Until you do that and that's not good.
It's not good to have that kind of power being wielded by other people to just people You could call them the FBI and call them the other the human beings and human beings that have that kind of power over other human beings in a Country that's supposed to value freedom.
Yes, that that's the thing in and of itself is un-American and that that's where this isn't just like some rogue FBI agent doing this or some rogue, you know, bureaucrat in an agency who's going and doing this.
This is an expressed policy coming from the Biden administration in this example, [1:09:00] to go and use big tech to silence certain people's voices and to decide who does the government want to be heard and who needs to be silenced.
And obviously, we could talk all day about the cozy relationship that many politicians have with big pharma.
And it's not a surprise that they're going to act in favor of big pharma rather than in favor of the truth or free speech or people's health and well-being, but the fact that this was and is the Biden administration's policy to decide that they are the arbiter of what is misinformation, disinformation, what is information, what is true and what is not, and that they will use the tools available to them both within the government as well as outside of the government in the case of big tech and social media to be able to enforce that.
And that's really the, you know, for people who aren't paying attention to this stuff at home and are just trying to live their lives and, you know, go to work and take care of their kids and just live their life.
It's easy to fall victim to like, well, the government [1:10:08] wants what's best for us and they don't want us to be manipulated by misinformation or disinformation.
And so this is the line that they use.
Like we're doing this for you.
We're trying to protect you.
So once again, we're going to take away some of your freedom and some of your privacy and tell you what privacy and tell you who you should be listening to and what information you should be getting.
The King knows.
Yes.
The King will tell the people how to live.
Yes.
And this is how you wash.
This is coming from the same people who are telling us that boys can become girls on any day of the week because they feel like it.
Yeah, Rachel Levine is the first female ameral.
Exactly.
Yeah, they wouldn't win.
Which isn't, and then they stand there and say, well, we are the champions for women.
If they cannot even accept objective truth.
[1:11:00] Well, living in the strangest of strange times.
I also think that a lot of that stuff is being accentuated by social media manipulated intentionally.
Because I think if you can just get those narratives out there enough that affects the gullible people, that affects sensitive people, that affects people in the spectrum, it affects a lot of people.
And then they start getting rewarded for leaning into one type of ideology and then it's affecting people.
We are affected by our environment and to pretend otherwise is just silly, especially when you talk about young people.
Young people are particularly susceptible to propaganda, which is why they have young people where suicide vests.
That's why.
You can't get a 50 year old, agnostic dude to wear a fucking suicide vest.
You know, he's gonna go, what am I gonna get?
When I blow up, I'm gonna go to heaven.
Can you show me?
You got a video?
Is there a YouTube video I can watch?
What are you, what are you saying?
Yeah.
But you could talk a five year old into it and that's what they do and that's sick.
It is.
And it's just as sick to try to like indoctrinate them into these crazy ideologies [1:12:06] because it's just people want other people to join their fucking team.
Yeah.
It's a common thing that people do.
That's what's so concerning about like we're seeing the fruits of the shift in our education system away from actually teaching about the Constitution and, you know, the founding documents and the Federalist papers and the thought process behind that went into forming the Constitution and the Bill of Rights in our schools.
Basic government, basic 101 on what is this country really about?
What is the foundation that we were built upon?
And what does it mean to you in your everyday life and talking about the Bill of Rights and the First Amendment and going down the list because that has been absent largely from our education system for so long.
It it It Creates again this vulnerability of young people being susceptible, they're not rooted in ideology [1:13:05] of freedom.
What that means in our lives and why it's important, why we will fight to defend and protect it.
Then they're like, well, I don't know.
Maybe what Hamas is offering is a superior ideology or superior value system than what we have here in America, which a lot of these kids are saying, whether they realize fully what it is or not, they are falling victim to that ideology, that radicalism is ideology, which would be completely oppressive in the lives that they are trying to live here.
Yeah, the whole proposal behind it is best highlighted by the meme, queers for Palestine.
Yes.
Exactly.
And then Palestine for queers.
Exactly.
The difference between, like that idea is so crazy.
Like what you're saying is so nuts.
Yes.
And it's just this, fuck the system, [1:14:03] fuck the government, fuck the patriarchy, it's this ideology that gets promoted, it's frivolously wanting to destroy the foundation of this country.
And they'll say it openly.
We wanna just stop colonialism.
Okay, and then what?
Then what happens?
What do you have?
What do you have?
You have warlords?
What do you have?
What's gonna run the country?
How are you gonna run it?
We can do it all the guns.
Well, that's where, you know, this, again, Hamas had this whole thing planned, like, you know, gaining the compassion and the sympathy of the world.
And how did they plan that?
How did they think that they were going to do that?
That they knew how Israel would react and they were ready with social media and all of all of the means of communication to play on the sympathies of people, the compassion and kindhearted people around the world and turn people's attention away from the 1200 people that were [1:15:04] murdered and killed and the people that were raped on that attack on October 7th.
Their goal being ultimately to influence populations around the world towards this islamist ideology that they want to govern the world under Islamic rule, under Sharia law.
And we've seen already how it's been successful in some parts of the world, even in Europe in France.
Somebody was saying that, I think it's 25% of France is already living under Sharia law.
And so this ideological war that's being waged is not, it's being waged by one side and there's not a counter narrative.
There's not a counter war being waged on the other side to defeat it with the superior ideology of freedom.
What we value as a society, and that puts this mission and this effort, and it's not just [1:16:01] Hamas, obviously Al-Qaeda and ISIS and that, you know, other terrorist organizations around the world.
They all have that same objective, which poses this great, the greatest short and long-term threat to people who value freedom and to civilization.
And we're also so uniquely vulnerable in that we do have this sort of democracy.
You know, it's obviously heavily influenced by money, but and then with the open borders, so you have all these people funneling into the country and so you have an erosion of confidence in our entire system because people are very aware of that and the more people will let out a jail after they commit violent crimes the more people are aware of that.
If you looked at the whole picture, all the things that are in play right now, particularly like with the open borders and giving people plane tickets and flying them to all these different cities, like if I was [1:17:02] going to try to destroy the country, that's how I would do it.
If I was going to try to destroy the country, that's how I would do it.
If I was going to try to destroy the country, I would radicalize the kids, I would give them the stupidest ideas and run them in their head.
Boys can be girls, girls can be boys, boys can compete against girls and sports if they think they're a girl.
Queers for Palestine, you know, the death to the Jews, yell it out, unironically, on campuses.
Have the presidents of those colleges and universities defend it, which was wild.
Completely.
With cameras on them.
Yeah, it shows how scared they are.
It shows how afraid they are of actually calling out what is right and what is wrong.
I think it also shows how they live in a bubble.
And I don't think they interact with the real world.
And I think when they did, the shock was probably, it was probably horrifying to just to realize how most people feel about what they said.
Like, oh, it's not harassment unless it's actionable.
[1:18:06] What the fuck are you saying?
Exactly.
You're saying death to the Jews, so you have to kill Jews.
And then it's harassment.
Exactly.
Is that a little late?
I was shocked like everyone else at not only their statements, but how every one of them sitting at that table on that day said almost the exact same thing.
And knowing how much preparation because when people come, I don't care who you are, but when you come and testify before Congress, you go through preparation.
If you're the president of an Ivy League University, you're going to have a whole team of people sitting there telling you, okay, well, here are the questions you should probably be prepared to answer.
The question that at least the phonic asked was not outside of the realm of like, here's what the frequently asked questions would be.
And the fact that their answers were all the same and how they were smirking as they were giving that answer, I was very surprised by, maybe I shouldn't have been as surprised, given what they're doing.
[1:19:05] I think we're sending our kids to cult camps.
That's what I think.
I think they get indoctrinated into this.
They don't all, some of them skate through, some of them are wise, some of them realize this is crazy.
Can't wait to get the fuck out of here, you get my degree, and then go to work.
But some of them just get locked in and then it becomes their identity.
And it's dangerous.
It's dangerous also because, look, kids don't wanna listen.
Okay?
And if you have kids, they don't wanna listen to you.
They wanna rebel.
And when they finally get to go away somewhere and be on their own and your dad's a banker, you're like, fuck that asshole.
Capitalism is bullshit.
Like, you wear a Che Guevara T-shirt.
You're in with the fuck you're doing.
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying?
You're like, Jesus, a jet GBT to answer your homework.
Like, the whole thing is nuts.
And then you're allowing those young people to just trying out being an adult with a voice and an opinion and trying to be profound.
Yeah.
And there's no consequences to actions.
So it's weird, it's weird, it's weird.
[1:20:05] It's weird that people can't see it.
And I'm glad that some people are pulling funding.
Like there's a lot of people that are donors are like, hey, fuck you, this is crazy.
And so that's fortunate that there's some sort of a blowback.
But even that woman from Harvard, even though she got, she was caught plagiarizing.
Exactly.
Many times.
Like if you were a grad student, you got caught plagiarizing.
That would be a wrap for you.
But meanwhile, she keeps making the same amount of money.
They just gave her a different job.
They didn't even have fire.
No.
The whole thing's crazy.
The whole thing's crazy.
It's like that's supposed to be Harvard.
It's supposed to be the smartest people amongst us.
And when you heard that lady talk to like, hey, how did she get to the top?
That seems bananas.
It seems like you probably had some better choices.
Like, was there any other considerations that you got that gig?
Exactly.
The plagiarism doesn't freak you guys out.
Right.
[1:21:00] Isn't that like opposed to everything that you stand for?
Yes.
Okay.
Yeah.
You're not the best in the brightest anymore.
Is that like opposed to everything that you stand for?
Yes.
I'm glad.
Yeah.
It's very annoying.
You're not the best in the brightest anymore.
You guys are doing nonsense.
This is a cult camp.
You got a cult camp, you're indoctrinating people, and where are you getting your money?
And how much of that money is coming from China?
And how much of the influence is coming from Russia?
How much of the influence in the past has shaped these people.
So you have this system where academics go to school, they learn, they get indoctrinated, and they start teaching, and they never enter into the world world.
And they make this cycle, and those are the people who keep indoctrinating more people, and now they're infesting these social media apps, and they're infesting all of these tech companies.
And everybody else is like, what are you doing?
Exactly.
This is crazy.
Yeah.
But it's all coming from universities.
It's coming from the kids that get indoctrinated these ideologies.
And I remember when I first started talking about this in like 2015 or 16, whatever the Jordan Peterson thing was happening, it was the first it was Brett Weinstein [1:22:02] on Evergreen College.
And people were like, why do you care what's happening in these obscure colleges?
They're like, hey, they're gonna graduate.
Like when I see fire and it's five miles away, I don't go, oh, it's five miles away.
I go, hey, we gotta get the fuck outta here now.
Get outta here now.
Fire's coming.
Get out.
Like, you don't see that these kids These kids are gonna leave school, but they're so crazy.
They believe that you should have a day where you tell white people they have to stay home.
When it used to be that it was an appreciation of people of color, so they could take the day off and they would get paid and you go, oh, I really miss Mike.
I really miss Tonya.
It'd be great if she was here and boy, it's hard not working with her and doing know, and doing her job and my job at St.
John.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
That makes sense.
But telling people why people they have to stay home and then threatening them with baseball bats, if they don't have people roaming the park and lot with bat, when I saw that I was like, this is crazy.
And so many people were saying, why do you care?
Well, they're gonna go out in the world.
If this is happening there, it's not an isolated situation.
[1:23:06] It's happening other people.
And then the Jordan Peterson thing into Rontel and like, okay, guys, now everyone is sort of realizing, like, oh, this is a real problem.
This is infesting the world.
This ideology is pervasive.
And it's not well thought out.
Now, it's not just like fact-based objective assessment, being kind and understanding and taking into account all the variables.
You know, it's like a cult.
Yeah.
The problem is not everyone is seeing what's really happening.
You still have the AOCs of the world and many people within the leadership of the Democratic Party who this is the direction we are headed.
And that's a very dangerous thing for so many reasons, but obviously because they're in a position of power and how they're using that power and how they're undermining the rule of law and choosing again who gets to speak freely [1:24:01] and who gets to go and do whatever they want, break the law, disturb you know disturbed the peace acts of violence no because what what you think that their causes justified right but meanwhile others who would do the very same thing be charged with a crime imaginative aoc got to write history books and they said why do people sneak into america in twenty twenty four oh climate change.
Like, 20 years from now, climate change was so bad that people were walking from Guatemala to get playing tickets to fly to Michigan.
Like, a real, are you sure?
Oh, my gosh.
I sure that happened.
Maybe there's other variables.
What do you think?
Maybe it's encouraged?
Perhaps there's a whole red cross map that they could follow.
Hey guys, yeah, yeah, maybe some of the stops along the way.
They only speak Chinese and they have Chinese signs and it seems like there's like a concerted effort to get people in from China.
Hey, something going on.
Yeah, no, just climate change.
So simple.
So nice to be able to just [1:25:08] That's just that's just as bad as the, you know, people who break into stores in New York City, they're just hungry and trying to steal bread for their starving kids.
Yeah, that was a good one too.
Yeah, that lady.
Forget the guys who go in and steal 50 Apple iPhones from the store and run out and jump in their car.
All of these other things, it's hard to believe that a person who's a member of Congress can say that with a straight face.
Well, the best one was do you ever see the conversation that she had with the news reporter with a reporter was asking her to Clarify her thoughts on Israel and Palestine.
Yes, I did That one's wonderful.
She had nothing to say.
It seemed like she didn't even know like where they were Like if you gave her a map and there's had no names on it, which one of these is Israel?
What do you know about the history?
What happened in 1947?
Anything?
What was going on before that?
Who lived there first?
Exactly.
What's Judea?
[1:26:01] What's that place?
What's the biblical significance of these locations?
Any?
How long has this dispute been going on?
What's happening?
How much are we funding this?
There are these girls who, again, I don't know where this video is, I'm sure it's everywhere now, but they were left Columbia to go and stand with the students protesting at NYU.
And somebody said, well, why are you here?
They're like, oh, we're here to stand in solidarity with the protesters.
What is NYU doing that you're protesting?
Oh, I don't really know.
And then she turned her friend.
She's like, why are we here?
What are they doing that's wrong?
And the friend said, I wish I was more educated because I don't really know either.
Well, you know.
They just have their being virtue.
Somebody asked us to come, so we're just coming to stand in solidarity.
Well, there's this thing that you can do now where if you just yell out the thing that's popular, now you become cooler than you really are.
[1:27:01] It's a new thing you can do.
And if you're like really rabbit about it, you know, and then you can demand other people do it on their social media like, how come you're not putting a black square up on Tuesday?
Yeah.
I mean, this all of these things, I mean, these these were major drivers for me in leaving the insanity of what has become the today's Democratic Party and where I have seen and heard directly from so many people who are or have already woken up to that fact, of literally just being common sense minded Americans who are just, there's no explanation.
There's no logic, there's no rationale that you can give for these kinds of things happening, and not just by some rogue member of congress i mean it's it's happening from the very top yeah and it's um...
it's it's the consequence of money being involved in politics and that seems like [1:28:01] that web is so deep and those roots run so deep that to try to stop that now is almost impossible.
It's almost like the only way to solve this is to give corporations conscience.
It's like the only way to solve this is you've got to figure out like who is funding what and why?
Why is so much money being spent on this versus that?
And one of the things about AI is that if AI is asked at a certain point time when it becomes like sentient or really super powerful like what is a solution between the conflict between you you created Russia?
And what's the cause of it?
And AI gives a real comprehensive analysis of the US government funded coup from 2014 and how NATO has been moving arms closer to Russia and lays it all out.
[1:29:00] And this is the definitive objective, no ideology, no bullshit reason why this is happening.
And these are the companies that are pushing the conflict and this is the amount of money they're making from it.
And here's the amount of money that's missing because there's corruption involved in Ukraine.
As much as people don't want to admit, one of the wildest ones was Candace Owens on Twitter where the New York Times, they tweeted her like like what evidence do you have of corruption in Ukraine?
And she's like from your own fucking newspaper Posting links it's like do you guys not even check before you tweet?
Well, they were also the ones that said the New York Times said that that bomb landed in the hospital and killed 500 people And it apparently landed in the parking lot and killed a small number of people.
And it probably was not from Israel, but was actually some one of the Islamic terrorists had launched a bomb and it accidentally landed in the parking lot.
Yeah.
[1:30:01] And no effort to actually truly not not in the fine print on the back page of the paper, but actually Make sure that they got the facts right Well, and certainly no equivalent coverage of the actual true story versus the original story.
Yeah, what you should do Like it's like yeah, I mean you maybe got bad information explain how you got bad information Exactly same people read the news people read this, now they know.
Like let them know, don't just fucking hide it.
Don't pretend you didn't fuck up.
Like, you know.
I mean, it's the same reason why with Julian Assange, back when his criminal charges were first coming up, they were saying, hey, this is a threat to journalism, that you can't suppress the free press.
It is a violation of the First Amendment.
And if you go after Julian Assange today, they could go after a New York Times journalist tomorrow.
I think we were seeing it from the Washington Post and some of the other mainstream traditional news sources.
[1:31:00] But the script was totally flipped and they shut up real quick and turned their sights against Julian Assange after he released Hillary Clinton's emails.
Why?
They're a political they have become unfortunately a political arm of the Democrat elite and it's the same reason why they stopped reporting on actual corruption in Ukraine because they get okay what's the narrative that we've got to push.
Yeah.
And they're not going to go against it not allow facts and journalism to get in the way that it's spooky it's it's spooky for people that count on them for the news yes like okay now who do i have to trust who could who do it who can i listen to and it turns out it's like a lot of independent people knows the ones that are they're free they're free to actually report for now uh...
You know, these laws are passed.
Did that TikTok thing pass?
Uh, it did pass.
So that's done.
That's it.
Yeah.
Jesus.
Yeah.
Do you know how I'm currently?
It will be challenged.
I'm sure it'll be challenged in court.
Uh, I don't know.
I don't know by who or what, what the next steps will be be but I'm sure it will be challenged right now.
I believe that president Biden signed it into law.
Actually, I know he did, but the [1:32:12] timeline of execution, you know, I think what they gave something like 180 days for TikTok to be sold to an American company.
Oh, great.
Give it to Bill Gates.
But even if that, like, you know that's that's a pretty a pretty tight turnaround when you look at that but that doesn't negate all of the other provisions within that law that further violate our civil liberties do you know Adam Curry I don't I don't I'm currently used to be an MTV VJ he's the original podcaster he's the pod father the the real number one brilliant guy but I had him on the podcast quite a while ago And he said that all this uproar over tiktok is total bullshit He said what it is is the Chinese are eating our lunch like they've developed an app that is more addictive and [1:33:00] collects data just like our apps do and we don't like it We don't like it because their one is way better.
And so they're trying to do something to shut it down because they're using it to influence us.
And like, hey, where are the only ones that will do that?
And that's what he thinks.
And when he said that, I was like, I never really considered that.
Because I always was like, oh, this TikTok is like really bad.
You've got to read the fine print.
And it is bad.
I mean, if you look at the terms of service, like when you're grieving the conditions that you agree to, like they get to monitor your keystrokes.
So that means they can probably monitor your passwords.
They can probably check out all your emails.
They get to monitor other computers that are connected to the network, even if they don't have TikTok on them.
Like it's bananas.
But who else is doing that?
Exactly.
That's the point.
When you and I are having a conversation and then also we talk about Toyota trucks and there's an app for a Toyota truck, like, hey, did you guys know that we were talking about are you listening Google?
Exactly.
[1:34:01] What are you doing?
Google met a Facebook Instagram all of it.
Do you know when I'm interested in it?
Right.
Exactly.
Because they're trying to sell you things.
They're all trying to sell you things.
Of course.
Of course.
Yeah.
And the best way to sell people things is find out what the fuck they're talking about.
Yeah.
What do you want?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, it makes total sense.
Of course.
Like Elon and X was, well, Elon specifically was the only one who stood up amongst our american big tech companies to say no this is a very bad bill the others to my knowledge were very very silent or they were actually coming out in support of it competition makes sense the other the other piece of that is um other than x and tikt, the Biden administration has been very successful at working with Google and Meta Facebook Instagram in being able to control, quote, unquote, disinformation and information.
So when you look at from a government standpoint, well, why, if you're concerned about data security [1:35:04] and privacy, why aren't you doing it across the board and treating every social media company that Americans use with that same standard?
Well, maybe they're just going after the ones that they can't actually control and intimidate into doing their work for them, which is why it makes sense.
Why Elon Musk and others would say, well, of course, if today it's TikTok, then why wouldn't it be X tomorrow?
It's interesting to me that people don't seem to understand the value and importance of a guy like Elon.
Yeah.
There's this wild billionaire character looks to dunk on people like that guy being like, did you see that thing that he posted the other day?
Because just one of the guys who was like from Facebook, I believe, said that what Elon is doing is corruption on like an Enron level, I think he compared it to.
So Elon posted a photo of a dog laying its balls on another dog's head.
[1:36:00] And I did not see this.
And was like, don dunking on his dude.
I'm like, how wild is this guy?
And then someone said, did you really spend $44 million, billion on Twitter so you can dunk on people?
And he writes 100%.
He's like, I don't know how he is.
Time for this.
I mean, I don't understand.
It doesn't make any sense to me.
But he does.
He does everything else that he's doing.
He's a fascinating guy.
Yeah.
I mean, his brain is a fucking tornado of information just flying around all the time.
And I think it helps him to be able to just fuck around to be silly.
Yeah.
But he was the only one that recognized that there's a real problem if you have the entire narrative being controlled by one ideology through all the social media apps and that's what's going on.
Exactly.
There are tech companies, tech companies have hired people that are coming from universities and they're all infected by this ideology and it's nuts that that's the case.
[1:37:02] And then they've done a really good job of it if you go to like GAB or any of them, especially initially, like it was so Nazi, like oh my god, I gotta get outta here.
It was like, like go into a Nazi party, like oh, like even if you're not a Nazi, like they're Seek Highland, the Quarrel, like shit.
I gotta get outta here.
I don when they came up with these alternative platforms that people wanted to squash the idea of having people that were free outside of Twitter and Facebook that were reasonable people that just wanted objective conversations, which I guarantee most of them were.
Most of them were tired of being censored on Twitter and shadow ban and all that shit.
So they try these other, whether it's gab or truth, social or any of them were tired of being censored on Twitter and Shadow Band and all that shit.
So they try these other, whether it's GAB or Truth Social or any of them.
I guarantee you, if I was an intelligence agent and I was inclined to do, I would get in there and start seeing Highland.
I'd go crazy.
I'd post the most racist memes and have everybody salute.
[1:38:01] I'd go nutty.
I'd have fake accounts liking those things and getting excited about it and reposting it because that's how you make a place toxic and that's how you kill the competition.
Right.
I would do that.
I would do that if I was running Twitter.
If you were just a, I obviously wouldn't do it.
Yeah, of course.
But if I was a evil fuck, I would be like, this is the.
It makes sense.
How do you make it a place where people don't want to be?
How hard is that to do?
You hire a bunch of people to do it.
You get algorithms, you develop them, you start posting memes and shit.
Yeah.
Easy.
Now you make it toxic.
Now I look in there, like, ugh, you gotta get outta here.
Exactly.
And so then you don't have an alternative and you deal with the fact that if you're a left wing person you can say the most outrageous shit even call for violence against people.
Twitter caught selling data to government spies while complaining about surveillance.
Inferipenny.
Inferipenny.
Inferipenny.
Inferipenny.
Inferipenny.
Is this recently?
What is this saying now?
That they have a deal with a company called Data Miner.
And what does DataMiner do?
[1:39:05] uses AI technology to constantly monitor public activity on social media and other parts of the web.
In doing so, its clients often law enforcement can receive customized real-time alerts of what's brewing on what's brewing online, which helps them respond to natural disasters or more ominously spy on protests, notes the intercept, okay.
or more ominously spy on protests, knows the intercept.
Okay.
But also does allow them real time alerts of what's brewing online.
So you're not saying they're censoring people.
You're saying that they're allowing them to look at data.
So that data could be like how many people are posting about some sort of a protest when they want to burn down a church or whatever the fuck it is.
You're talking about a different thing than banning people from posting things, especially these people that are experts from Harvard and MIT and [1:40:00] this is a different thing.
I've seen, I've seen, I mean there's a data minor app.
I've seen how the information flows through.
I don't know what the, it says the story revealed the surveillance firm pays for special access to a fire hose of data from Twitter.
I'd be curious about what, what does it mean?
What that fire hose, fire hose of data is.
So this data minor has a unique contractual relationship with Twitter whereby they have real-time access to the full stream of all publicly available tweets.
So, but it's just publicly available tweets that are already available.
So it's like a very high-level search function.
A company representative said an email to the government agency for the report.
So is that like a search function?
Like, cause it's all public tweets.
So they have access to the stream of all publicly available tweets.
But doesn't everybody have access to the publicly available tweets?
Yeah.
Not with AI.
Right.
Software monitoring.
Right, but if you did have an AI, [1:41:02] so like say if you had an AI, whether it's Google's AI or any AI, you said, hey, go look at Twitter.
Tell me who's talking about Nazis.
Right, curating the tweets that are coming into your feed.
That's part of what he's been complaining about online is how many people, and they blocked access to many programs that did have access to the API because it costs money for them.
Every time someone's taking that that so they just kind of cut it all off.
Like I used to use Tweet Deck to look at Twitter all the time.
That doesn't work anymore?
You get to pay for it.
Oh, interesting.
Oh, interesting.
How come?
Because I honestly don't know.
Arguably it would just be like it was a good feature so it might as well make people pay for it because they can make money.
How much Tweet Deck cost?
It's part of the pro.
See the pay for pro.
Okay.
It's like 20 bucks.
Okay.
And then there's the other thing, we're like Apple takes a slice of that.
If you're getting it off of your iPhone, right?
If you get it from the App Store.
That's where it is.
If you pay for it on like Twitter on the website, no.
But That's what I'm saying.
Apple's got the wildest thing going.
They have 30% of everything.
[1:42:06] They have so much money.
They have more money than countries.
There's a lot of countries that don't have as much money as Apple.
Yeah, I believe it.
It's pretty nutty.
That's being challenged, I feel like, in a lawsuit too.
Right?
Well, there's certain things that Apple does that are thought to be anti-competitive in it kind of a creepy way and one of them that they just recently got rid of is the lightning connection right so up until iPhone 15 or 16 16 what are we on now 16 we're on 15 now so up until 15 you used to, you have to use a lightning connector, which only works on Apple devices.
Now you can use a USB-C, which is way better.
It's better for data, it's better for connectivity, it's better for charging, get faster charging.
Like the Android phones, particularly like Samsung Galaxy, to go to full charge is like an hour or less time.
[1:43:02] Because it takes faster watt charging than the iPhone does.
And for the longest time, it would be much better transfer of data because of USB-C.
It's just a better, more efficient system.
But Apple's like, yeah, you gotta use it.
So the European Union, I think that was the problem.
They couldn't sell them over there, but they were emitting illegal.
So then they have to switch it over to USB-C.
So now everybody at least has a universal thing.
And then there's the problem with text messaging.
So if you have an Android and you send me a text message, it comes out green.
And I said, you want to come to green.
Because it's text, it's SMS.
And so now they're going to adopt RCS.
So the idea is since you can't have eye message on everything, at least you'll have encryption and you'll be able to send large file sizes and that's what RCS is.
Which is a higher level of text messaging that's been enjoyed by people who use Android's but not when they communicate with iPhones.
iPhones were forcing people to use SMS.
But it's shitty.
It's inferior.
You get blurry images and videos, not the same resolution.
[1:44:10] It cuts it all down because that's a fit in the SMS format.
So now you'll be able to share photos just like you will with an iPhone to iPhone.
Interesting.
No more green text messages.
The text message will still be green.
Interesting.
Yeah.
So no more green green text messages.
The text message will still be green.
Oh Interesting.
Yeah, they want to make you feel like shit.
I do.
I need to feel like shit for having a different device.
I think I yeah exactly it does work I think with kids.
I think with teenagers see if this is true.
I Believe I read that there was something like 86% of all teenagers, it was some high number of all teenagers use iPhones That like you're shunned.
Yeah, use an Android.
Yeah, which is crazy.
It is crazy weird.
Yeah, but that's how tribal people are We're tribal about our cell phones.
It's nuts.
We're tribal about the kind of computers we use kind of sneakers [1:45:04] I'm in do to sky.
Flop Nike.
You know, like people are crazy.
Yeah.
87% of teens in the USA have an iPhone.
While 88% expect an iPhone to be their next phone according to a survey from investment firm, Piper Sandler, that is a monopoly.
It's a huge monopoly.
That is wild.
Yeah.
That's wild.
That's wild.
And how they control their apps and how much money they make off of the apps.
Well, also their whole ecosystem is amazing.
It's really good.
They figured out a lot of really good things.
It's so convenient that I can write on my computer and then I can transfer it to my notes and it's automatically on my phone.
Exactly.
I need you to use it all the time.
It's so good.
That's so good.
You can do that with Samsung.
You can do that with Android.
You can do that.
You'd have to switch systems and relearn how the, it's not hard to do.
They're pretty intuitive.
You know, I have a Samsung phone.
I have an older one.
I have a Galaxy, one of the Ultras that I used to think took a clear photo of the moon but it's actually bullshit.
Yeah.
You know that story?
No.
[1:46:05] No.
They got me.
They got me.
There was a feature that's still a feature.
It's kind of amazing.
It's called Moon Shot.
And so you could be looking at the moon.
If you look at the moon with your iPhone and try to take a photo, it looks like dog shit.
It looks terrible.
Because it's just like this blurry thing.
It would or everything, you need to be zoomed and looks terrible.
But with Samsung's, when you zoom in, it holds a square over the moon and it enhances it.
And it gives you like 100x zoom.
So you get this crazy digital zoom.
You zoom it on the moon and it looks really clear.
And you can take a photo, but it turned out it was this AI.
Because, yes, because some clever internet people, because you can't fool the internet what they did is they took a blurry image of the moon and they put it on a desktop computer and then took a photo with the camera of the blurry image on the desktop computer and filled it in made it pretty.
[1:47:02] Wow you that's kind of smart that's a smart hack to figure it out I've seen people try to argue away and say well, it's actually no different than how AI enhances normal Yeah, no, no you take a picture talking about the moon.
Yeah, there's there's a lot of detail there Yeah, what if there's a UFO I missed right?
It's a UFO exactly you're trying to tell me yeah the mother ship is Circling around moon and you're lying to me guys are liars But oh man the technology is actually superior on those phones the sound songs.
Oh, yeah It's it's quite a bit better the screens are quite a bit better the screens have an Anti-reflective coding on the new S24 ultra so even in bright sunlight when you're outside, you could read your screen perfect.
It doesn't, you don't have the glare, you're trying to look at your phone like this.
You don't have to do that.
That's interesting.
You also have superior battery life.
You only have like a tiny little circle that's missing from the screen for the camera.
[1:48:00] You don't have that big-ass, stupid bar that's in the front for Face ID There's a lot of things that are there it has a pen you could write on it like it's it has AI features It lets you translate in real time you and I can be having a conversation You could be speaking Spanish and it would show me in English in real time And then I could speak to you in English and it would show you in Spanish So the phone gets split down the middle so this side faces you and that side faces me And we would have a conversation and I could read what you're saying Hmm, and then you could wear these ear buds and it'll translate it in real time.
Oh wow, which is crazy That's incredible.
It's crazy.
I tried using the the Google translate app Yeah, when I was down at the border and talking to different people from different parts of the world and it sucked It like the intent I think was for that to happen is like you just turn on the microphone And then I could speak and they could see in the screen like it's translating into their language And but then they could respond in their language and you're just seeing it play out real time, but it didn't work It didn't work.
It just didn't work.
The thing froze or it didn't [1:49:05] translate and then you got to push all these buttons and then even then...
Well the Samson One is using AI and I think it's the most advanced version.
It also has a thing where it lets you organize your notes in AI.
So it'll change the tone of your text messages.
It'll suggest things that are more polite or more friendly.
Yeah, there's like mose you can do.
So you can do AI for that.
You could also- That might piss me off some time if I don't really want to write a polite text message.
Right.
Well, then you don't have to.
You could write it in your own language.
We can write it however you want.
In your own voice.
But you can also ask it to make this more polite.
Oh wow, okay.
That's what it is.
So it's not, it's not easy.
It's crazy.
How about you be a little nicer?
You're right.
It's not does it.
Okay, so it's not policing me.
It also will summarize web pages.
So if you go to a web page, I don't want to read all this shit.
Give me a summary.
And they're like, oh, it'll break things down to you.
[1:50:05] So it's using AI on the phone.
In constructive ways.
But 86% of kids don't have it.
Yeah.
Weird.
The, have you heard of this unplugged phone that Eric Prince is doing?
Yes.
Yeah, I've heard of it.
It's interesting.
I just got one, I haven't set it up yet, but it is what they're saying is the most secure means of communication.
Obviously, technology is never 100% secure, but the fact that it does not have the same ad ID numbers that every one of our other phones has, Apple, Samsung, whatever makes it so that we are able to protect more of our information than we would otherwise.
Right.
But do you get to use apps with that?
Yeah.
Can you use Instagram?
Yeah.
They have their own operating system and their own apps, but you can also download whatever [1:51:02] apps you want to download.
But if you download Instagram.
And they're the settings.
The settings you are able to actually make it so that Instagram is not able to collect the kind of data that they would otherwise.
Yes.
So what is it operating on?
Like what is it like graphene?
Like what is the operating system?
I haven't set it up yet.
It is an operating system.
They got the guy who, as their CTO who created the Pegasus system.
Oh great, you could trust him.
That was my question.
If you're gonna make, first of all, if you're gonna make...
There's two sides of that.
Honey, pot, phone.
Yeah, there's two sides of that.
Is if you created it, then ideally you would know how to protect against it.
Right?
Yes, for sure.
Or you would say, look, the kind of people that want a phone like this, these raw, raw fuck the government people, like these type of people that might get visited by the FBI.
[1:52:01] Give them a phone, call them like the Patriot phone or whatever the fuck you want, call it.
So I make it a nice little huntbot.
Yeah.
I'm not saying that it is.
No, no, no.
Well, I, so I asked them like, it sounds like this is the perfect kind of phone for people in the military or people who are conducting different kinds of operations because of all of these protections and so on and so forth.
And they said they're intentionally not selling to the US government because they don't want that doubt to be in people's minds that this is some kind of op that's happening that will allow some kind of surveillance to take place.
Anyway, it's interesting.
That is interesting.
There are other phones that do that.
There's phones that operate on, they operate on an operating system called Graphene OS.
We take a phone, like a Google phone and they de-google it.
So they remove all the Google stuff and then there's a bunch of detailed instructions of how to do it.
Then they put this new operating system on, and when the new operating system works, [1:53:01] all your shit doesn't work.
Like all the normal Google services and all that stuff.
It's a completely different operating system., all your shit doesn't work.
All the normal Google services, and all that stuff.
It's a completely different operating system.
Yeah.
So there's, they have figured out how to do both.
You can toggle on and off what mode you wanna be in, and it's got the VPNs and everything else.
Mm.
Mm.
And that's this suspicious hippo face.
Yeah.
Yeah, skepticalo face.
Yeah.
Yeah, skeptical hippo.
Yeah.
Yeah, if someone did figure something like out that, be great.
I asked Elon about that once, because I had read this story about a Tesla phone.
He's like, oh God, I hope we don't have to make phones.
But it's the way he said it.
I hope we don't have to make phones.
Interesting.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Because when you look at the interconnectedness between, you know, Tesla and you look at obviously the power element and then the car element and then you look at the content platform that they are building X in two like the vision that they have for it to be the [1:54:04] one-stop shop, not only for all different kinds of media, but for, you know, payment and interaction and business, commerce and everything else.
It's interesting when you look at that direction of connectivity.
It is also interesting.
It's interesting.
That if you have a Tesla and I have one, I love it.
You can't get Apple CarPlay.
It doesn't come with no Apple CarPlay fuck off thing Off-Stoobit use our shit So what can you use them just their organic?
You can Bluetooth your phone like you can play music like you have Spotify hooked up to your phone on Bluetooth You play a song on Spotify to play on that.
Yeah, and you also have like there's a lot of options like Spotify's built into the system Spotly so you could just like tell it okay, you could like press it play notorious B.I.G It just our plan random song you tell it what song to play interesting he pressed a button You say hey navigate to a TV steakhouse, okay, bam it'll take you there, okay?
So and it's got this big ass huge screen [1:55:03] Like I don't know how long it is.
How long is the screen on our cars?
It was like 18 inches?
Looks like it's about 18 inches, right?
And it's just massive map.
So like for navigation, everything, it's great.
Yeah.
But if I was gonna make a phone, I wouldn't allow Android or Apple to like have car play from off.
Right, exactly who's my shit and then once he develop an X phone.
Yep.
I Could see it.
I could see it.
I'm sure he's thought of it I'm sure he's thought of it other than me saying that to him.
I'm sure that's not the first time He thought of it.
Yeah, because if anybody could pull it off.
It's probably Elon It's probably Twitter and act what X whatever.
Yeah.
If they came up with a SpaceX phone, all the nerds would be like, like, give me, give me, give me, come on.
Especially it was good.
Especially if people move to more secure messaging systems that are end to end encrypted like signal, which also gets skeptical about.
[1:56:00] Like, I've read something on some one of the forums where they were saying that signal was funded by CIA money.
Is that true?
Which is not, that's not good.
And then there's WhatsApp, which is owned by Facebook.
Yeah, but WhatsApp is not a secure form of communication.
Is it not?
No.
Is it sus?
No.
It's more than sus.
Super sauce.
Yes.
It's confirmed.
It's confirmed.
How about that?
Freedom of the press foundation acted as signals fiscal sponsor between 2013 and 2016.
The project received grants from the night foundation, the Shuttleworth foundation, and almost three million from the US government, sponsored open technology fund.
Yeah.
What does that say there?
Don't know how I read it.
Article claims signals origins as a US government asset are, [1:57:01] that's not so bad.
Asset are public record and a lack of funding is because of the CIA.
Found this article that makes it claim that signals origins as a US government asset are a matter of extensive public record, even if the scope and scale of the funding provided has until now.
Does anyone here know what public records they're referring to here?
It says if so, does anyone have links to to these public records this means signal is a honey pot hmm it all they also say that signal handed people over to the cia i'd like to know what actually evidence of that exist if it's true that kind of socks that's what it says there um...
but tucker said that he was communicating through signal and that the government contacted him and said, we know that you're setting up a meeting with Putin.
Because we read your signal and he was like, I didn't know you could even do that.
Well, this connects directly back to the FISA Section 702 law because if they are surveilling [1:58:01] certain foreign entities in Russia, then an American citizen like Tucker Carlson communicating with them, the government is then able to just immediately go in again without a warrant and saying, okay, we gotta go before a judge.
And even if they do go before a judge, it is a secret court, there is only one side that's presented, which is the government saying, we need to go and capture all of Tucker's data.
For example, I have no idea if this actually happened, but let's say that's the scenario.
That court, and this is public information, that court approves 99.999999% of all requests that the government makes to go in and surveil American citizens.
It's essentially a rubber stamp, which is exactly the problem, but that's where I could foresee.
Okay, well, Tucker's communicating on signal.
This surveillance law that just was strengthened recently when Congress passed it and Biden signed it into law allows that to happen.
[1:59:01] Hmm.
So it's all bullshit then.
So signal, unplug phone, all that stuff.
If that's the case, if they have the ability to read signal, don't you think they have the ability to read every single piece of information that gets sent from your phone?
They can intercept it and read it.
It just makes sense to me.
I believe it.
I don't know how you're going to protect that.
Maybe I'm ignorant, but I don't understand how you could protect that with a different operating system as long as it's using the same cell phone signals.
It's like, I understand that you're saying it's encrypted, but is that encryption impossible to crack?
Like, isn't that, is there a source of that encryption?
Couldn't someone just get the phone and let's figure it out and back engineer it seems like they could.
An interesting thing about, I asked this same question about this unplugged phone.
And if you're using, which I hadn't heard before about any other app, but if you're using their version of signal, their texting app that you can do calls and FaceTime and whatever [2:00:02] through with another app on another unplugged phone.
Every time you connect a caller, you send a text message, it generates a new encryption key versus signal, which is when you download it and you set up your account or whatever, that is your key.
So would you have to have a non-plugged phone for me to talk to you in that encrypted app?
That's what I, yes, I believe so.
So you'd have to have a non-plugged phone for me to talk to you in that encrypted app?
That's what I yes, I believe so you'd have to have it and I would I believe so because I don't know that their app Is available on Apple for example, right?
See that would be interesting if someone developed something that did that that developed The generation of a new encrypted key every time you're using it.
Yeah.
And starting a conversation, that's, it all seems like a feature.
But you know, it's a feature.
It's a feature of a race.
Yeah.
It just seems like the boundaries between people and privacy.
A signal facing collapse after CIA cuts.
[2:01:03] Oh wow.
Jesus.
So this is an investigative journalist on a website.
I then looked up as account is suspended on Twitter or X.
I don't know why, but this is an article that says some interesting things.
But I don't know how much of this is fact.
That's almost why it has it's needed to bring it up.
But does say a friend of mine.
So hold on a second.
Never acknowledged any serious way by the mainstream media signals origins as US government asset or a matter of extensive public record, even if the scope and the scale the funding provider has until now been secret the app brainchild of shadowy tech guru, Moxie Marlin spike, by the way.
That's quite it.
He came on the podcast.
He's not shadowy.
Did he really?
Yeah, he's on the podcast.
Wow.
Not shadowy at all.
Interesting.
No, like regular guy.
Yeah.
Like some of this is probably horseshit.
A real name, Matthew Rosenfeld.
How dare you, Moxie.
You have a fake name.
Was launched in 2013 by his now defunct open whisper systems the company never published financial statements or [2:02:06] Disclosed the identities of its funders at any point during its operation Some's involved in developing launching and running a message app used by countless people globally will nonetheless Surely significant the newly published financial records indicate signals operating costs for 2023 alone indicates signals operating costs for 2023 alone are 40 million and projected to rise to 50 million by 2025.
Rosenfeld boasted in 2018 that OWS never took VC venture capital funding or sought investment.
At any point though, mysteriously failed to mention millions were provided by the Open Technology Fund.
That's the money.
Oh, here we go.
Open Technology Fund was launched in 2012 as a pilot program of radio free Asia, an asset of the US agency for global media.
Oh, boy.
[2:03:01] Which is funded by US Congress to the tune of over one billion annually in 2018 the then CEO openly acknowledged the agency's Global priorities reflect US national security and public diplomacy interests That sounds sus is that super sus that is super sus I just like you say in super sauce.
Yeah.
That's a little iffy.
That's very iffy.
If it's true or if it's not true, it's a disinformation campaign designed to cripple signal and to lose people's trusted signal.
Yeah, perhaps.
That last thing there though is a separate issue of concern of the United States government funding.
US propaganda, essentially, in different parts of the world.
I would like to talk to real nerds about this phone, [2:04:01] this unplugged phone, the real nerds.
I would like to have the real nerds look at this and go, yes or no.
Like, what do you, what do you, I'm curious as well.
Is there reviews of the unplugged phone by any of them super smart people?
And so says that some pre-order.
Oh, but they have them.
Brian Cullen has one.
Tulsi have one.
Yeah.
It says by now, but I don't.
Let's see if I can buy it.
Oh, so it's not pre-order.
It used to be pre-order like till recently.
I'll just show you what I saw.
Pre-order today.
See, right.
It says the positive for nine.
But just go to the actual I did.
And that's where like I started.
Oh, so it maybe used to be, maybe that was the link at one point in time.
It said pre order.
Okay.
Be interesting if people use this.
But it's like, I mean, I need that.
I need someone to tell is that is it 1900 bucks?
I could have two in the card.
[2:05:00] Would you buy phones?
You're psycho?
What are you doing?
I'm trying to see what I'm gonna ship.
Psycho's gonna ship in three months.
I mean, it's not.
What if we start?
You know what I'm saying?
Right.
What if we start using those?
Hmm.
I don't know.
Yeah, it is very interesting because there are other phones that I've seen in the past who have tried this and not succeeded.
And I don't know whether it was a virtue of, you know, the time in our country where people maybe we just weren't that interested in having a secure means of communication or a secure phone.
Well, people don't want the inconvenience and most people don't have to think about this, right?
So they're not thinking about the government looking at everything they do.
What are they doing?
Right.
Just trying to get laid and try to fun.
They're just trying to do normal stuff.
They don't care.
fun.
Just on do normal stuff.
They don't care.
But if 86 or whatever the number was, percent of kids use iPhones, they are locked into that ecosystem.
You're locked in with your photographs, you're locked in with everything.
And you've got Apple Pay and you've got the whole thing.
Everything.
All you need is your phone.
You use your phone.
I use my phone as a remote control [2:06:01] to control Apple TV.
It's crazy.
It's really it's actually better than the real remote control Interesting because you could type on the keyboard instead of doing that stupid thing.
We have to go oh gosh Yeah, do let her buy a letter Like you try to find a movie you like it takes five minutes to type it out.
You just type it on your phone interesting Yeah, the the Apple remote control thing is fucking great.
It's better The Apple remote control thing is fucking great.
It's better.
The problem is when you have these walled gardens like Apple's ecosystem, it's very difficult when you have everything over there.
All the stuff, your email, your this.
To jump off of that.
It's hard.
And most people don't ever do it.
They just go, ugh, too much work.
I'm like, whatever you're on.
Whether you're on Android or you're on Apple.
But they try to make it easy.
They try to lure you over.
They try to get you to switch.
Nobody wants to do it.
I think that's where it is.
It is interesting to me that more and more people are paying attention to government surveillance, their ability to reach into our private information [2:07:02] and who is allowing that to happen.
I think they count on the majority of us not being aware.
I think that is the case today.
The majority of people are not aware and they don't think of it as a primary concern.
The majority of people are way more concerned about climate change because that's like it's a common area.
You think it's a majority of people?
I think it's a lot of people.
They'll say it at least.
How much they know about it is weird.
A bad conversation with the people, when they talk about like, okay, well they all agree, we've got to act now about the climate.
And I go, what did you hear?
Like tell me what you hear.
There's like, have a conversation.
Let them just spill it all out.
It's like AOC talking about Palestine and Israel.
It's like, I'm not really a centimeter deep.
Not exactly.
I'm not sure.
Something bad is happening.
They don't know what they're talking about.
If you say, have you ever looked at a video of the difference in the shoreline from like 1987 to today?
Have you ever done that?
[2:08:01] Have I done it?
I've seen for Hawaii.
What's the difference?
It's Have you ever done that?
Have I done it?
I've seen for Hawaii.
Yeah.
What's the difference?
It's bigger.
It is.
It's much bigger.
It's bigger because Hawaii grows because it's a volcano.
But when you look at the shoreline in a lot of places, it kind of seems the same.
And also these like fucking psycho-rich people are buying houses on the beach.
Do they know something we don't know?
Like don't you think if they really thought that the oceans were gonna rise 100 feet in the next week that the fucking insurance companies would go, hey, you're not gonna, you can't buy that.
Or even the next five years, I mean, you know.
Well, people are having a hard time getting a homeowner's insurance in California because of the wildfires.
Yeah, that's true.
That's a real one.
That's a very big issue.
That's a real one.
That's a real one.
And, you know, but they're not having a hard time with the right next to the water.
Yeah.
Like no one's getting, it's not like tsunami insurance.
Yeah.
It's, you know, I mean, like.
Did it even have that?
tsunami insurance?
I don't know.
I wanna say yes.
I want to say no.
I think if you're dumbass, it buys a $50 million house in Malibu, like right on the [2:09:07] wall.
I want to be all in the water.
Hey, bitch.
You know which water's out there?
Where's all the water?
We had the active volcano that we've had on the big island for so long, but the actual flow that happened through neighborhoods when the floor of the volcanic shelf within the crater fell through, the lava went down and started flowing through all these lava tubes that were running beneath full, fully occupied neighborhoods.
People had botland and built houses in those neighborhoods knowing it was, I think it was a lava three zone, which is like, you're building on top of an active volcano's lava tubes., which is like, you're building on top of an active volcano lava tubes, you have to know that you're assuming that risk.
Well that, when that happened, there were lava, spouts, and little mini craters that were formed within so many of these different communities.
[2:10:03] We were going around there.
I was with the head of the Rhodes Division for Hawaii County and we would go and look.
And like as soon as there was a crack in the pavement, we like okay, we gotta mark that one down in the map because that is the next day, you see the steam coming up as though it's a lava vent.
And then within the next day or two, you would have an active like 20, 30, 40 feet in the air lava sparing up right in the middle of like a normal kind of suburbia-ish neighborhood.
And this happened in over 20 different locations within this particular area.
And it was mind blowing to go there one day after the other after the other and see how quickly a beautiful little neighborhood turned into a complete bed of lava.
So this then begs the question like, oh, is your home insured?
There was one insurance company in the entire world that would ensure homes that were built [2:11:02] in a lava three zone.
Did they go under?
Well, I don't think they went under because it's so freaking expensive.
Most people just didn't have it.
Most people couldn't afford it.
It's a gamble, right?
It is a gamble.
And it was amazing to see how so many residents there recognized like, okay, yeah, we knew we were getting this land.
It was pretty cheap.
Built a beautiful house, knowing that this possibility could occur and frankly just it was amazing to see their respect for mother nature and knowing like we chose to live here.
Madam Pele is doing her thing and yeah we're gonna have to figure out something else.
So what is going on right now in Maui?
Can I say a quick, quick, quick, quick break?
Yeah, yeah.
This is a good one to talk about, right?
It's a very important one.
Yeah.
We're back.
So we were just about to talk about Maui.
So what is going on right now post fires?
[2:12:06] No one is rebuilding homes yet.
The remediation effort is still underway.
And the biggest challenge for the families who are directly impacted by that, who were left homeless is the fact that they, they still don't have anywhere to go.
You know, they've been put up in Airbnb's or in hotel rooms for a period of time.
On Maui, the hotels are like, hey, we need to be able to start welcoming in tourists back into the island.
The governor is trying to work out a plan to be able to provide some form of semi-permanent housing for people.
If they were to try to go out and rent a house on the market, it is purely unaffordable.
And there are a number of families who are now faced with the tough decision of, do we just pick up and go and move our life out of Hawaii and to the mainland?
Which is heartbreaking, given how many of those families, [2:13:01] I mean, they've been in that community in West Maui or in Lahaina for generations.
What is happening with the people that had mortgages?
So if they had a mortgage and their home was burnt down and they haven't gotten money from the insurance company and they haven't been able to rebuild, so they still have to pay that mortgage while this is all going on?
You know, I haven't heard that raised as an issue.
I would hope that the mortgage company would recognize what's going on, but that's a good question I haven't heard it raised as an issue from either residents or as part of the conversation around Housing for them why has no one been able to rebuild?
There has to be There's there's so many layers of toxins in the ground that have to be cleaned up and removed before people can go in and actually start to rebuild.
But to speak of just the inspection and the permitting process and so forth.
So the layers of toxins just from the fire?
From the fire and you had a gas station with underground fuel tanks that burned like completely to ash [2:14:05] on the ground.
The toxins that came from all, you know, different construction and everything else that exists in the environment.
So all that stuff burns, it gets in the soil, it gets rained on so the ground is contaminated.
Right.
And this is the reason why they can't rebuild?
Yeah.
And they knew from the outset it was a known fact that it would take, I mean, if it only takes a year, that is an expedited timeline is what I've been told.
How long has it been now?
August will be one year.
August 8th.
The most insulting thing was the $700 one-time payment from the government.
Like, that is who said yes to that?
Who allowed that?
At the same time, releasing this number where they accidentally had sent Ukraine [2:15:01] $6 billion.
Remember that?
Yeah.
They said, oh, well we we lost track of this six billion dollars and so now that we've found it because of some accounting error now we can go and send it to you crane and they were automatically assuming they were going to send that anyway of course of course but no consideration at all now it we you know i remember specifically when the fires had just happened the white house brought in the director of FEMA to talk to the White House press corps and someone asked the question, what are you, FEMA, what are you actually doing for the people who have been impacted by this tragedy?
And the director stood there with a straight face and proudly said, well, we have provided one time payment of $700 to everyone who has been impacted by this fire, displaced by this fire.
And that was her big announcement that she was there to make.
One single one time payment of $700.
So that means you have 700 servings of ramen.
Yeah.
Basically, basically, I mean, you can't even rent a bedroom in someone's house for $700.
[2:16:09] It's just, it's certainly you can't for eight months.
No.
That's what's crazy.
No.
$700 is so crazy.
It's just such an insulting and ridiculous number and the fact that they haven't given more.
It's like, but yet they're flying people around on airplanes that come in illegally through the border.
Yeah.
Just like how much is that cost?
Yeah, exactly.
What does that program cost?
Exactly.
What does that cost?
Multi-billions of dollars if I had to guess.
It's, you know, FEMA has other services.
It's a lot of bureaucracy.
It's a lot of paperwork and residence on Maui.
They were being told like, okay, well, hey, if you accept this kind of aid from FEMA, you are seeding some sense of your sovereignty or decision making ability with regard to your land or your property and all of the red tape, [2:17:02] essentially, that caused a people, a community who were rightfully skeptical about government coming in and saying, okay, well, we're gonna help you when that same government said, oh yeah, hey, we may at that time, and the governor said this, and then he corrected himself later on, but he's like, oh yeah, we're thinking about and talking about how we can turn this entire place of the government take ownership of it and turn it into some kind of memorial or some kind of workforce housing, which obviously made people really freaking mad to say like, oh, who the hell are you to come in here and say, you're just going to take our land?
You're just going to take it and do what you want with it?
So they're obviously very skeptical and rightfully so about, you know, the fine print.
What does it mean if I accept a few bucks here, there, from the federal government?
What power am I seeding to you to determine my future, the future of my family in our home?
And unfortunately, the rest of the country has forgotten about it.
[2:18:00] By and large, yeah.
Yeah.
There's always a new thing in the news.
There's always a new thing to pay attention to.
It's always a new fear.
One of the things that that has just recently come out, first of all the Maui Police Department, they did an audit of what went wrong, what did we do wrong, what should we have done better, and kudos to them for actually doing this.
And I think they came up with like 92 recommendations on things that needed to be fixed.
They shared that with municipalities all across the country as like, hey, here are the hard lessons that we learned.
You guys should take note and try to protect yourselves from having to go through what we went through.
Other agencies at the county level and at the state level have not been so honest or transparent about their shortcomings.
And the most egregious one recently that our local news and Hawaii exposed was the head of Maui's emergency response division.
He was off-Island that day.
He was out of all places, a FEMA conference on a Wahoo when the fires happened.
And instead of doing what any compassionate [2:19:08] and responsible person and leader would do, you'd immediately get on the first plane out.
You get a notification there, this, you know, this fire's happening on Maui.
I gotta be there with my people and I gotta lead my teams to respond to this emergency.
He, it took him a few days to go back to Maui, first of all.
But the thing that was, and I don't know if you can find this, Jamie, but they released his text exchanges that he had with his assistant, who was telling him, and he's like, what's going on with the fire, LOL, and the assistant responding, saying, ha, ha, ha, this place is like a circus.
Their exchange was so disturbing.
Doesn't even put it lightly when you know there are people who are being burned to ash, burned alive in their community and their text exchange is like, oh, [2:20:02] ha ha ha, is the fire still going?
LOL.
Yep.
Now it's going in another place.
change is like, oh, ha, ha, ha, is the fire still going?
LOL.
Yup.
Now it's going in another place.
I couldn't, I couldn't believe it when I read it.
And this was the same guy.
Herman Andiah is his name.
He, uh, he didn't show up and, and show his face publicly until like seven days after the fire.
And then he went and he did one press conference and then he quit and resigned.
But there has not yet, and I hope investigations are ongoing, there has not been any kind of accountability at the various failure points that existed in this response.
If the government wanted to take over that land, the best way to do it is to drag this out and make it so that people have no other choice.
They have nothing to do.
They can't do anything and they just tell stories about it.
We used to own that land.
Right.
There's a native Hawaiian leader, famous surfer navigator for the Hokulea and traditional Hawaiian navigation, Archie Kaleppa.
He has [2:21:03] been one of the most stalwart leaders for the community during this whole period in time, organizing emergency response and food and shelter, and community gatherings, people come and play music at the end of the day throughout this whole crisis period and has been leading the charge.
He's very well respected in the community in holding that line and saying, we are not giving up our land.
But as you said, it becomes a much more difficult argument to make when people, you gotta live.
You gotta be able to make sure your kids have what they need to go back to school and all of it.
And how can you do that when you're in a constant state of transition with no real timeline, where they're not coming and saying, okay, hey, you can go and start rebuilding on this date.
Right.
So they're gonna have to do some sort of research.
Well, speak of the cost.
I mean, like building a house from scratch.
Right, crazy.
Most people don't have that money.
Yeah.
And then also like how long is this cleanup going to take and like what it when does it start and what [2:22:05] do they have to do?
It is ongoing.
It is ongoing but it is massive excavation and so it's ongoing.
It is ongoing.
Have an anticipated timeline.
I heard from one guy they were looking at will hopefully maybe it might be September might be October but you know it's one of those things that one of the guys who's out there actually doing this is just saying, well, you don't know what you're going to deal with until you're actually dealing with it and it might take longer.
It might not take as long, but it's one of those things that they're not figured out as they go, but they are being confronted with things as they go.
Is this one of those issues where you wish that maybe you still were in congress yeah yeah because at least you could be talking about it that was that was my hope and i talked with leaders in congress and people who i still know there and just calling for uh...
oversight and accountability from the federal government because we saw many points of failure [2:23:01] everything from the immediate response to the whole water issue and the fact that there wasn't any water coming through people's hoses during that time.
Now, why was that?
The history of water on Maui is complicated and it's largely attributed to that of the fact that the water is a privately owned utility.
And how that water is controlled, there is limited use of water at different times, how it's controlled, and where it goes.
And there was a state water management official, apparently, who had some say in this saying, well, you know, I don't think that we should turn the water on for this period of time because we don't know exactly what's going to happen.
But my point is all of these things need to be very clearly investigated because people's lives and property were absolutely destroyed because of this.
[2:24:01] So was it because that water is a valuable commodity?
They didn't allow it to be used by the people that were experiencing the fire?
There was some implication of, I don't know.
It was like, well, we want to make sure that the water is being distributed equitably.
And so we don't want to give it to one group of people over another group of people.
It really didn't make any sense what the argument was, but it was like, hey, you missed that critical juncture in that window because you were trying to ruminate.
It was something to do with equity and some theoretical argument, rather than this is a community in crisis, there are fires burning in various different places.
We need to get water to people who need it.
There's also the thing about having above ground wires, right?
Which is crazy.
It is.
[2:25:01] It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It a place that experiences storms, but also on West Maui is traditionally a drier part of the island that also experiences wildfires, even small ones on a regular basis that if they're not immediately controlled, you end up with what happened.
This is so disheartening that it's not receiving more attention.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
This is, you look at the things that we've talked about.
What are they actually focusing on?
Yeah.
And that's where the opportunity.
And it is such a dire picture.
It's a time where we are surrounded by literally insane people who are making decisions that further their own interests and their desire to either hold onto power or grow their power at the cost of the well-being of the people and at the cost of our fundamental freedoms.
[2:26:05] And that's where, you know, this election, our using our voice, our defending our freedom of speech by speaking the truth and speaking freely, all of these things and our engagement with them as Americans, as citizens, it matters more than anything else.
Because if we continue to go down this track, we will continue to see our freedoms undermined until we wake up one day, and this will no longer be the America that we know and that we love.
That's a scary thought.
And it is.
Until the last few years, I never would have thought that was the case.
I would be like, now we're going to be okay.
Now I'm not so sure.
Yeah.
Because I know we've gone through, you know, the political powers switch from one side to the other and back again.
And you know, you figure like, okay, well, I disagree with this person or this issue or whatever, but being grounded and having the confidence in the [2:27:09] constitution and these fundamental rights and freedoms is kind of like, okay, well, we'll figure out the rest.
But for everything that we've talked about, censorship and control and big government overreach and all of the government's surveillance, all of these different things point to the very real risk and domestic threat that we face.
Yeah, there's just so many factors that are simultaneously taking place.
There's surveillance, there's the invasion, which is kind of an invasion.
I mean you'd call it open borders You call whatever you want.
Yeah, it's people coming here that are supposed to be here And I'm for immigration just for them figuring out who's criminal like well legal Yeah, and then this is the thing.
I've got a friend of mine who's about to retire [2:28:01] Special forces green berets served over 30 years in uniform a special forces, Green Berets, served over 30 years in uniform.
Great American who's dedicated his life to service, he's about to retire.
His wife is from a European country and they want to invite her sister and her sister's family to come to the retirement ceremony.
Their residents of Italy.
They have been denied a tourist visa to come to America for two weeks to attend this special forces warrant officers retirement.
How is that?
And these are like, hey, they got a family, they got young kids, they got school, they got jobs, and they were denied saying, well, we don't think that you have, we don't have confidence that you will come back to your life in Italy.
Polaris.
And yet, again, people are coming through the border every day, being picked up, border patrol has become like this uber drivers for people who are breaking our laws [2:29:01] from the moment they step across the border into our country illegally.
And okay, so then they go out in the country, nobody knows where they are, who they are, are they really going to show up for a court date in two years or three years?
And nothing is really truly been done about this.
Seven years.
Seven years between then and the court date.
Okay.
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
It almost seems like it's all designed to erode our faith and to make this whole thing something that's way easier to control because the way our system is set up right now with if you can express the freedom of speech, if you actually can do that, it makes it very difficult to really to control a narrative That's it right there Yeah, that's it right there control and power and they're terrified of a truly free society Where we can have a truly free open marketplace of ideas They're terrified of people being able to you know, and I saw this when I ran for president in 2020, we're seeing it again in different ways in 2024 where they want to control what [2:30:09] information you get about certain candidates, what information you're not allowed to see, who is being pushed forward and who is not, and undermining our basic responsibility as citizens, which is to cast an informed vote and engage in our democracy and actually have a government of buying for the people.
They're terrified of us doing that and making what they believe is the wrong choice.
So they're trying to take away our right to do it so they can remain in power.
And in their minds, I fully, I know many of these people and they feel justified in what they're doing that they are the righteous, that they are standing up for America and standing up for democracy, so much so that they are willing to destroy our democracy to save it in their minds, which is a dangerous, dangerous mindset that we could see in foreign dictators in different parts of the world and throughout history.
[2:31:02] It really is, and it's astonishing how few people are willing to accept that it still takes place today.
Right.
They almost have this thought that those things have been sorted out and that you know that was the case in the past and even though history is filled with it and there's actually no instances of it not taking place.
Right.
You know like but now don't be silly.
Right.
Now we've got it.
Gonna leave hands.
That might have had Yon Werner on here from Rolling Stone.
Yon Werner.
He was trying to tell me that the government should regulate the internet.
I'm like government.
The same people that lied about weapons of mass destruction.
Those people?
No, no, not those ones.
Yeah.
Everybody wants daddy.
They want daddy to come along.
No one is gonna save you.
No, exactly.
No one is gonna save you.
That's it.
People Maui know that.
They know that now.
Yes.
No one's gonna save you.
Yes.
And we have to be aware of how fucking crooked the system is.
Yes.
And I don't know how we're going to get out of it.
I don't, I don't, but I'm very happy that people like you, [2:32:05] or at least you have the courage to talk about it.
And so few people do.
And it's a strange time to be alive.
It's wonderful in a lot of ways.
It's amazing in a lot of ways, but it's also, it's like treacherous.
There's a lot going on right now.
That's like like it really makes you wonder there's so much fucking subterfuge and shenanigans and so much money being funneled around and moved around it's just like whoo I think that's where there is you know there there is a silver lining in what we have been through with through COVID and through everything that's happened since is I think more and more people are waking up and at a minimum just questioning what they're being told.
Is this actually true?
Looking for information and news from other sources than maybe they had been before.
Yeah.
And just what you said, no one's coming to save us.
[2:33:01] I think that is the message I'm carrying.
I'm on the road constantly and I'm talking to people who ever will listen at events and on different media platforms.
It's what I focused on in my book for love of country.
The truth about what is happening in our country, the experiences that I had in the Democratic Party that caused me to leave the party and understanding that in this situation and there's a lot to be fixed across both parties and the government, but in my experience, and in the situation we're in right now at the Biden-Harris administration, they cannot be allowed to remain in power.
We can agree or disagree on different issues, and it's good, and we should, and we should have those conversations.
But when you look at the unprecedented abuse of power that they are engaging in, undermining the rule of law, politicizing our government entities, targeting Americans, targeting Americans who happen to be their political opposition, whether it's Donald Trump or the mom who's protesting [2:34:03] at a Board of Education meeting to have a say in what kind of education her child is getting.
This is happening across the country.
And if we, the American people, don't do something about this and stop them and hold them accountable, what happens in these elections?
If they're allowed to remain in power, they will tell us, hey, you gave us a mandate.
You said, hey, good job.
Thumbs up.
Keep at it.
And we'll see everything that's happened.
Just continue to escalate to a point where I have no doubt that our freedoms will be eroded to a point where it'll be virtually impossible to get them back.
And where do we go from there?
America no longer becomes the land of the free in the home of the brave.
It becomes the land of people who are controlled by the government and forced to comply or else.
And if you dare to have the courage to speak up and speak the truth or say, Hey, look, guys, the emperor has no clothes on.
Boys are boys and girls [2:35:02] are girls.
And that's just how it is then you will experience the retaliation or the consequences of that action.
Well said.
Thank you, Tulsi.
Show your book for love of country.
Love of country.
It's out now.
Did you do the audio?
I did.
I recorded the audio.
Excellent.
There's a little line on the top of the cover there you might recognize Oh, it's me.
I appreciate your words your friendship your support and your being such an incredible stalwart voice of truth and and Providing a platform for real discussion where people can come and listen to those who have different viewpoints, different backgrounds, different experiences, and maybe they walk away agreeing or disagreeing, it doesn't really even matter.
But having this kind of platform is such a powerful thing for everyone to be able to come.
[2:36:00] That's the thing that happened by accident.
Yes.
So I went and I was invited to speak of this Passover event a couple of days ago.
But the guy who picked me up at the airport, his name is Avi, works in New York.
Their family hosted me and he's like, oh, where are you going next?
I said, oh, I'm going to go to Austin.
I'm going to see Joe Rogan.
He's like, I am like, he's like, I'm kind of pissed off about how popular he's gotten because I was one of the OGs.
From the very beginning, he's like, I know the roots of the Joe Rogan experience.
Anyway, it was just, you got a lot of fans, but he was particularly owning the fact that he knew Joe Rogan before Joe Rogan was the Joe Rogan before Joe Rogan was you know the Joe Rogan experience Is it funny that people get upset when things get popular and other people find out of something?
Exactly But people do that with bands all the time.
Yeah Your thing and yeah, they were mainstream Now everybody likes some it's like everybody likes the thing I like [2:37:03] Sucks, though.
Yeah, that's the beauty though of what you've done is like you've been you the whole time.
And there's no like, oh Joe Rogan's gone mainstream and he's different or whatever.
It's like you're you and I think that's what people are attracted to is just, you know, you are who you are.
I think that's what people are attracted to with you as well.
And I'm very happy you're out there and I'm very happy that you created this book.
I'm really happy that you did the audio of it.
Yeah.
Because I don't really really know.
It wasn't you know I before I recorded it I do a lot I do more audio books as well than I do.
I read it every now and then but most of the time I'm actually like if I'm on a plane sometimes I read but yeah most of the time I'm sitting there listening to stuff in the sauna or listening to something when I'm having it.
For me it's a use of time.
Exactly.
It's much more efficient.
Exactly.
It was, you know, I poured my heart into writing this book and I care very much about the issues that we're talking about and I care very much about our country.
[2:38:03] And so in some parts of the audio book, it was emotional talking about some of the experiences that I've had and while I was deployed and really, truly conveying what's at stake and the responsibility.
And so I go through a lot of the problems.
It's important, obviously, to talk about the solutions and the call to action for every one of us as Americans.
Why don't you care what your party affiliation is?
That's not the point here.
I'm urging people to leave this Democrat party behind because they are abusing their power and undermining our constitution.
Just as our founding fathers did when they created these founding documents, they disagreed heavily on a lot of different things.
They had fierce arguments and debates, but they came together around the most fundamental principles of our country that are censored around freedom, our ability to live in peace [2:39:02] and pursue prosperity, life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
Now is the time that we have to come together as Americans around those foundational principles and get our country back on track.
That is the most important task before us as Americans.
Otherwise, it'll be too late.
Here, here.
Thank you, Tulsi.
Thank you, Jim.
Thank you for being here.
I appreciate you.
Great to see you.
All right.
Depressing.
I appreciate you.
Great to see you.
All right, depressing.
Goodbye everybody.
================================================================================
Episode Title: #2142 - Christopher Dunn
Transcript:
All right, thanks for doing this.
I appreciate it.
Oh, you're welcome.
I've enjoyed many of your videos online So I'm fascinated by these theories that you have and so I'm excited.
I'm excited that you're here.
Could you please first of all, could you tell everybody what your background is?
What did you start off doing professionally?
I started as an apprentice in a engineering company in Manchester, England.
And I worked through the apprenticeship, received my Judgment papers, worked for a couple more years in England, and then I was recruited by an aerospace company in America and I'm a graded to America.
And what did you do for this aerospace company?
Well I started out as a late turner, that was my specialty.
A what?
A late-turner?
A lathe-turner.
Yeah.
Right, so I was a lathe-hound, right?
So I operated horizontal-lays, vertical-lays.
In England, they had what they call them vertical-boring-mills.
And in the states, you have to learn a different language right there.
The cultural differences between, right?
So you pick up different terminologies for things.
Like they call over here, they call it vertical turtlath, in England they call it a vertical warring well.
And so you're working with machines and when did you come up with this theory about the pyramid?
Well, I'd been in the States for a while.
It was, I came over in 1969 and in 1977 I picked up Peter Tomkins book, Secrets of the Great Pyramid.
[2:08] And I started to examine that book.
And one of the things that Tomkin's he asked of, a very significant question in that book, he said, does the Great Pyramid in trying to lost science?
You know, is the Great Pyramid a product of that science.
Does it reflect that science?
And I took that question very seriously.
And that question was in my mind as I read through the book.
And then I started to explore some of the references that he provided in bibliography.
One of them was the work of William Flinders Petri.
He described Lades being used in ancient Egypt.
He described very large, coreing drills up to 18 inches in diameter.
And he also claimed that they were [3:12] using circular saws.
When is describing this, like what kind of metal would they be using?
Well, that's the thing.
The question really demands that you explore all methods that you are able to, when you satisfy the historical record, say the archaeological record and you say, okay, I'm going to try this.
Well, that's not going to work.
That won't work.
So we'll try this.
We'll keep improving our methods and tools until we arrive at a solution to explaining the artifact.
That's the important thing.
That's [4:02] basically the demands on a manufacturing engineer, which I eventually became.
So you know, a customer comes in and they bring a part to the company and says, I want you to make one just like this.
What do we do?
Well, we have to know what this is.
And to do that, you take measurements.
You determine materials, how it was manufactured.
You look for tool marks to see what processes may have been involved in it, whether they were dies, whether there's machining marks in areas.
whether there's machining marks in areas, you look at the welds, they weld some parts, they braze other parts, and then of course the geometries.
And basically that's your model, that's like, okay, I'm going to make something just like this.
[5:01] Right, but when you're making some, like if you're looking at say some of the stone work that was done the pyramid where there's Not in the pyramid, but in some of the quarries where you see these core drill holes, right?
Like how would you reverse engineer that like how would you figure out what could possibly do that?
Well, that's the interesting question and It's a it's one that's been a huge debate going on about that.
It really goes back to 1984.
And I published an article called Advanced Machining in Ancient Egypt, question mark.
And it was published in analog science fiction science fact magazine in August of 1984.
So you've been at this long time?
It's not before you were born.
That was in high school.
Yeah, you were.
Yeah, it was junior in high school.
I wasn't.
So it was and you know Stan Lee Schmeer, Dr.
Stan Lee Schmeer, who's the editor of [6:09] Analog, very respected editor, selected it for publication.
We went through the editorial processes, yesterday changes and stuff like that.
And then it went out.
And so when you look at the core, the drill holes, the vases are another very fascinating and real gigantic mystery, how those were constructed.
And we'll talk about those as well.
Is that what it looks like, that's a model of one?
But the core holes itself, we had a debate recently with Graham Hancock and Flint Dibble.
And one of the things that Dibble had suggested was that they had done something with sand.
And that was how they were able to do this with copper and sand and they were able to drill.
[7:01] Does that make sense to you?
Well, I mean, I've heard that theory about how they were done.
And I know that there has been work done to prove that that theory is the correct one.
But central to explaining at the actual core, if you go back and you read Petri, he described a spiral groove around a granite core.
And he said that it had a pitch of 100,000 per revolution of the drill.
And so that's what I was going on when I claimed, well, what kind of a process would you need to?
Can I stop you there?
When you say a pitch of a thousandth per...
Yeah, for every revolution of the drill, it sinks into the granite a hundred thousand [8:02] subordinates.
Okay, so because of that, you know that this thing has to be operating at a certain speed.
Not necessarily rotational speed, but the penetration rate.
So with each rotation, it will go how long, how far?
A hundred thousand subanage, which is almost one eighth of an inch.
So that's pretty impressive when you're talking about solid granite correct?
Yeah.
And that probably wouldn't be possible with copper and sand.
No.
It seems like sand and copper are just or not abrasive enough.
No, I contacted a company I directed a company that specialized in drilling granite and I asked them how many, what is the feed rate?
That 100,000 of an inch would be the feed rate of the trail.
What is the feed rate of your drills when you're drilling into granite?
And I got a response from him and he said, generally, you know, our drills, [9:11] the diamond, they rotate around 900 revolutions per minute and the penetration rate is about 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 500 times smaller than 100,000, so these drills that they use in Egypt were capable of drilling with each revolution, 500 times more than modern diamond drills that were used by people who cut into granite.
[10:00] The penetration rate was 500 times.
So it might have been operating a slower revolution, but when it's going through its full revolution, it's much more effective.
That's what I concluded in the time.
Now is this in multiple different drill holes or is it one individual sample that they found that seems to operate at this depth per revolution?
There have been inspections on several different cause.
And if they all yielded similar results?
And they have all revealed that the groove is a spiral.
In other words, it's a continuous spiral around the core.
The most recent examination of those cores was in 2018 by two aerospace engineers, Eric Wilson and Josh Gehr.
They asked the Petri Museum in London permission to examine the cause in their collection.
[11:16] The Petri Corps number seven, which is the most famous core, and the one that has drawn the most heated kind of debate about.
Can we see what that looks like, Jimmy?
Can you find that one?
Petri Court.
Petri Court number seven.
It's on that, uh...
Yeah.
Because this to me, and the Vases, obviously, and of course the construction of the pyramid itself.
Right.
They're also the symmetry of the faces.
Right.
There's so many things that are so mind blowing about whatever they did and how they did it.
It's, it's, it's, I mean, forget about all the mysteries.
Right.
Just what we know in terms of, okay, so these are, these are these two core samples.
These are these two cores.
No, they're the same one.
And therefore, lost [12:07] technologies of ancient Egypt.
And essentially, what happened was, there was a book written, I think it was a 1999, it was by Chris Olgo, Beherald and Ian Lawson, and it's called Gees of the Truth.
And so what they did is they had contacted or they had associates that went into the feature museum and examined the core to see if it was actually a spiral.
So they took photographs of it and they examined those photographs and they said no, they're horizontal.
Now there's a big difference when you talk about a horizontal groove and a spiral groove.
And so I was like, okay, I suspend all assertions as far as the methods that I proposed for how it may have been done.
[13:02] I need to go and examine that item myself.
And so I booked a flight to England and I, a friend of mine in Cambridge picked me up at the airport, Nick Anis and we went to the Pitchermuseum and I examined the core.
The method I used was to just wrap a simple cotton thread around it.
So you just followed the groove with the thread?
With the thread.
But I was wearing...
Rhyme to the gloves?
Well, yes, I was wearing a rubber gloves, but I was also wearing a visor with lenses in it that gave 10 times.
Oh, okay.
So you could really see where the grooves are?
Yeah, you would find, you would find, find those items in any tool maker's bathroom.
So if the lines were horizontal, you would go around in a circle, then you'd have to cross [14:02] over the ridge to hit to the next circle.
Yeah.
But in this case, then you'd have to cross over the ridge to hit to the next circle.
Yeah.
But in this case, it was continuous.
No, yeah, you know, I mean, it was continuous.
Right.
So it's, so how did they miss that?
That seems like this is such an important piece of history, such a fascinating thing to examine.
Look at this mystery.
You have this granite core.
Right.
How do they do it?
There's lines on it.
Are they horizontal or are they spiral?
And then they just go, it's a horizontal.
And then you come along with string.
And you're like, no, it's a spiral.
Like how does someone screw that up?
Yes, I mean, they would say that I screwed it up, obviously.
But the thing is, Joe, is that when you're conducting research, anybody, whether you're a scientist or just a Joe Blow in the tool room, and you say, okay, this is what I found, and these are the methods I used, and these are the results.
Okay?
So you describe your experiment, and you're laid out, and you explain in detail how you [15:04] did it.
Wouldn't with today's technology, wouldn't it be really easy to scan it?
Well it is not, yeah.
Yeah, and then they would, so have they done that?
Have they definitively proven one way or the other?
There, I don't think there is a really high quality scan that would be necessary.
I mean I've've learned a little bit about scanning.
It was just being introduced into manufacturing when I retired, just before I retired.
We started to look into it and we bought this white light scanning system.
But now...
The system's now or so advanced.
The system is now.
And you feed it through AI.
And you would feed it through AI and it would tell you exactly.
Well, yeah, I mean, you basically you could slice it dice it, examine it any way you wish, but you need to have [16:02] qualified people to do it.
Not anybody with that's not qualified, could I go in that?
Right.
So, either way, these cores and those drill holes represent something sensational, something absolutely amazing.
Some 4,500 year old drill that somehow or another was more effective than drills that are being used today.
Yeah, but you know the truth of the matter, don't you?
What?
It's probably...
I wish you just tell me, though we know, that somebody missed mysteries.
It's probably the most insignificant artifact I've looked at.
You've looked at so much in Egypt.
But to me, it's like a corner piece.
Oh, people are freaking out over it.
How could you?
How'd that you?
[17:02] I'm sure because it throws everything into flux because the assumption is they did this through intense labor over long periods of time and it took forever to do.
Right.
And if they're operating at a pace that's 500 times more effective than a drill that's used by a modern, but have you talked to other people that go into granite or are there more sophisticated drills that work better or more more powerful drills that work better than his?
You know that the thing is and in manufacturing and this is a this is a fact you don't know the full scope of what engineers are capable of doing.
Right.
Because you're not in every shop, in every country, in every town, in the world.
And so nobody knows exactly what all engineers are capable of.
[18:03] There may be somebody actually reproducing the features on that, I'm not called somewhere, using some method.
Right, you just don't know.
You don't know.
But from the person that you talk through that does it professionally that uses high level equipment, his drill was 500 times less effective.
It was, the feed rate was less.
The revolution could have been more.
I mean, you said it earlier.
I said, could it have been rotating slowly?
It didn't have to spend very fast.
In fact, it's better when you're machining hard material, grinding hard material, is that you don't, because heat is the biggest enemy of a tool.
Oh, that makes sense.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Yeah.
OK.
So what do you think, if you had to guess, that they were using?
I had actually created my own core, just to experiment.
[19:02] And I learned a lot doing it.
I didn't use the same method as some of the other researchers that were out there that did it.
I had a copper tube and I had corundum.
What's corundum?
Oh, I say a very, very hard grit that you used to grind into hard material.
So the copper tube would be flat at the bottom and then you'd put the grit in, the would act as right right and so you'd rotate it rotate it and you know I set up a Diego and tube and just ground it ground it ground it ground it just so that I could see the results of that.
But one thing, they say the copper was the only metal that was available to the ancient Egyptians, but when it came to knocking out the core from the hole, I tried copper and it wouldn't budge it, so I had to use a steel chisel.
[20:04] Is it possible that they use something else like heat?
You know I'm actually leaning more towards that because of the difference of end-of-finity.
Like if they poured boiling water in it or something would that loosen things?
I don't think water would be it but the if you come back...
The difference in the finish I'm sorry would you?
But the difference in the finish, I'm sorry, would you?
Yeah, I don't think it has been discussed enough or recognized to be important enough is that when you use a nebrasy, like sand or like emery or anything to grind out a hole or do whatever, you leave a sanded finish naturally.
Polished.
Not polished.
Sanded.
Sanded.
Smoother.
Is that what you mean?
It could be smooth but it's definitely got a sanded finish.
And what is the difference you have sanded finish in the finish of a diamond bit?
Well we don't know if they were using the diamond bit but that's what they do today.
[21:04] That's what they do today.
So what is the difference between a sanded finish?
Well, uh, and well, you still have the same thing.
You're using an abrasive, right?
You keep in the abrasive as cool as possible as you're as you're grinding away, but you're still grinding it.
And so your finish is not going to be polished.
grinding it.
And so your finish is not going to be polished.
Unless you have a secondary process where you go in and polish it with a fine grit.
You don't start with the very, very fine grit because you won't get anywhere with it.
Let's take a look at some of those holes.
Jimmy, can you show us some of those holes, the drill holes in granite and ancient Egypt.
So here we could see right here, which is absolutely wild.
Some of these images, I mean that is absolutely wild.
Right.
I mean how the, how did they do that?
Well that, that's what just about, this is like an engineer's playground over there.
They go through there.
Right.
And for as an engineer you must be just like [22:02] scratching your head.
Yeah fascinating stuff.
Yeah, definitely.
Jamie, click on that.
Well, yeah, there we go.
That's a good one.
I mean, that one's wild.
That is just absolutely crazy.
That is it.
It looks like it's an avigurab and it's in an alabaster.
Have you ever measured the circumference of these things?
No.
If you measure the diameters, if you measure the, whether or not, their equal circles?
Well, they are definitely round.
The perfect, yeah.
Perfectly round.
I wouldn't say perfect.
No.
So absolutely.
No, you can't say perfect.
Right.
Right.
Of course.
No such thing as perfect.
Right.
But they're round close enough to.
And so this, these, wow, look at that that that is amazing.
So these circular holes were definitely cut by some kind of a drill.
That's agreed upon.
Yeah okay.
So if you couldn't do it with the copper like when you tried to do with copper how long did it take and how much how much results did you get?
Oh, circular marks, man, that is crazy.
There's a few days.
[23:06] That spiral right there is absolutely nuts.
I mean, it just clearly looks like a drill hole.
Yeah, I think that's my photograph actually.
Is it?
I took that one.
So how long did it take you to drill a hole?
Probably, day and a half, two days.
Day and a half, two days.
Day and a half, two days and how deep was the hole?
The hole was probably two inches, two and a half inches deep.
Well, that seems like it's doable then, right?
If you just keep doing it day after day, week after week, you get a big core.
Yeah, and that's basically what everybody concludes.
And that's basically what everybody concludes.
The Egyptologists will conclude that they had all the time in the world to do these things.
Wasn't the pyramid of Giza, the great pyramid, wasn't that supposed to be completed inside [24:01] of 30 years in that hypothesis?
I've heard that anything between 10 years and 100 years.
Yeah.
Nobody knows.
Nobody knows.
It's just guesswork, right?
Yeah.
I mean, there's what is it?
Two million, three hundred thousand stones.
Right.
And the heaviest ones in the base, like, what are the heaviest ones?
Well, the ones that we know of in the Great Pyramid weigh up to 70 tons, and those are the the granite ones in the King's Chamber.
So there's that.
So there's the drill holes, which are just absolutely fascinating.
And then this pottery, we'll talk about before we get to the whole what you think the pyramid is.
So the pottery, like these vases, that you're seeing, I shouldn't say pottery.
No, they're not.
I'm wrong.
I'm wrong.
They're actually solid carved.
And they're carved out of very hard stone, right?
What is it, they're carved out of?
Oh granite, die, right.
Die granite, die.
And, Ignatius rock.
And the crazy thing is how well they're done and if you show it could you pick that thing up to show everybody?
[25:07] The crazy thing is that it's not only perfectly symmetrical again Don't use the word perfect right because it's within what what with of a human hair well, you go It's some crazy.
Yeah, yeah, like two and a half thousand or something like two and a half thousand of a human I really used one of these.
Yes I have.
All right, so measure the lip there.
All right, see that?
Yes, sir.
Measure that and then turn it 90 degrees and measure it.
Okay, so this obviously is not a real one.
You wouldn't be letting me hold that.
No, that is actually a 3D print.
Right, 3D print.
From the STL file.
Right, but it's not real one.
No, obviously no.
Okay.
It's a copy of the original.
And so, so basically.
So I'm measuring it here, and then I'm going to measure it here.
So it's essentially exactly the same everywhere, right?
Is that the idea?
It's within about a thousand and a half.
It's got a little bit of a chip in the top.
Yeah, well, you don't.
[26:06] Because that's how it was, right?
Don't measure that.
And so it's perfect.
In, except up to what percentage of human hair again?
I would say in chop talk, it's perfect.
In chop talk, it's perfect.
Yeah.
But it's a human hair, two and a half, three thousand.
So this is how you measured it all with this equipment?
Well, this was a different, this was a...
But the thing is, it's like you couldn't spin this on a potter's wheel.
This is where it gets really crazy because of these handles.
Now these handles are also carved into the vase.
And people would say, what's the big deal about a vase?
The big deal is these goddamn handles.
That's a big deal.
Because even if you just slowly and meticulously with the finest of craftsmanship spun this to a perfect accuracy just with like high grit sandpaper, you know, we're slowly over [27:00] time, made it perfectly round and you got so good at it that you get it within how much of a human air again?
About a human hair.
Okay, let's say it's a human hair which is pretty small.
How the hell are you gonna do these handles?
How are you gonna make these perfect too?
There's another question that you need to ask to.
How do you get the insight out?
No.
What?
How do you measure it to be a sure that you within that human head?
Right.
What kind of equipment are you using?
What kind of instruments do you use?
Yeah.
It seems like this would be a problem.
Like, I don't think they had this.
And if they did have this, they didn't have this part.
How do you know?
I don't know.
I'm guessing.
I don't know either.
No.
No.
But we're thinking about what they had.
We're not thinking about things like this.
We really don't know.
Well, obviously we don't know if we can't locate that drill.
If you can't locate that drill, like the drill is real, the hole is real.
If you can't locate an ancient Egyptian drill, so there's a bunch of pieces of pottery.
And all of them have the same sort of similar measurement to them in terms of their perfection.
[28:09] Actually, some of them is one, I think it's the most more precise than that one.
Really?
Yeah.
They call it the spinner.
I think it's that one at the front there.
And we rotated that on the road tap at damville metal stamping and we staged it so that we were checking concentricity or run out all around.
So we put an indicator in various places and then spun the rotary table to check the run out.
And that thing, that one spin of A's blew me away.
You know, when you're measuring a diameter, right?
Just a straight diameter.
[29:00] And you're checking the run out on a straight diameter.
And you know, you have it, it okay that's within 2000s.
You only have that one axis that is actually affecting the movement of the indicators that you're on the Decide of it on the crown not right to the top but just below it You're at a place where the movement in two axes Two axes is affecting the indicator reading So any error that you have vertically or horizontally they meet at the top.
Yeah, it's going to gather an accumulation of error and run out.
And how accurate is that one, the spinner?
There is probably within 1,500.
What does that mean?
1,000.
[30:01] About half the thickness of a human hair.
Half the thickness of a human head.
Half the thickness of a human head.
And one of the vases that's incredibly impressive is there's one with a longer neck and a lip on the top and then it bowls out of the bottom.
Yeah, right.
And it's again all carved out of granite somehow.
Right, right.
And how?
How did they do to do that?
Well, that's the thing.
I think we see if I there's some other ones, Jamie.
There's one of them that has like a longer neck.
See if you can find it online maybe.
Yeah, that seems to be stuck in a time walk where we're trying to come to terms We're trying to come to terms with how the pyramids were built without all these artifacts were built.
Oh, okay.
That's a nice posh cup.
Can I keep that?
Yes, sir.
It's all yours.
Cheers, mate.
Thank you for being here.
So continue?
[31:01] So we're lost in history.
So yeah, I mean, so we have competing forces.
We've got on one side, you have practical engineers, practical scientists, and they want to, they want to measure everything exactly and regardless of what current theories prescribed how they were made, they want to explore other methods.
However, on the other side, on the side of science, I mean, archaeologists or Egyptologists, they believe that if you're examining an ancient artifact and you're a modern engineer, that you have to work under the guidance of an archaeologist or an Egyptologist.
Otherwise, your work [32:07] will not be recognized.
That's weird.
And that is happening.
I mean, that's the fact.
And they admitted.
So that is the situation.
They said, I think it's a systemic problem, because it is certainly not a way to do science.
Well, and also they're not educated in those disciplines.
Oh, Bingo, yes.
I mean, absolutely.
So they wouldn't be able to understand what's required to do that.
Now, what the conventional explanation being some sort of copper and sand, if that's the conventional explanation, there's no evidence of any copper drills, correct?
If you go to the Chirom Museum, they have a I think there's a tube that they describe small tubes that they describe as a [33:01] But nothing that can carve those large holes out of ground.
Yeah, they're just going on the assumption that only copper existed during that period.
And so that was the metal that was available to them.
That was the metal that they used.
The tubes that they have in the museum are these authentic tubes that were used on the site for something?
I would have to go back and refresh my memory on that because it was quite a while before I looked at it.
But the point is they don't, you know, like they have a replica of an ancient boat.
They know the boats, they know what the boats look like.
They don't have the actual drill.
So whether it's something exotic that we didn't know that they had capability to create or whether it's what exotic that we didn't know that they had capability to create or whether it's what they think it is, neither one of those exist.
They don't exist.
Okay.
No, I mean, nothing exists.
Everything right now is theory.
And so we're stuck in a bit of a time, welcome, we're stuck, it's between two disciplines.
[34:04] So what is the reluctance of the archaeologist to accept the findings of the engineers if the goal is the truth?
So if the goal is to figure out, instead of just having assumptions that you're gonna cling to as dogma as to what was done, wouldn't the goal be, let's find out what the truth is, what's capable of doing this?
If they talk to enough engineers and especially enough people that actually carve into granted, then you would get an understanding of what we know today.
This is the only thing that can do this.
This is how it's possible.
Yeah, and then you would try and reproduce the artifacts of the ancient Egyptians, or have produced, and then compare the results.
That's what you have to do.
You have to So the reluctances they Don't believe that the Egyptians had any more advanced Technology than what we assume they had which is pulleys and ropes and [35:06] Copper tools and sand and the like.
Yeah, one would one would assume that you'd have to ask an Egyptologist and you may get a different answer depending on who you ask.
I'm sure.
Yes, sure.
There's probably a lot more open-minded people coming up there.
Well, yes, particularly in Egypt.
Yeah.
There's a tremendous kind of a quiet revolution going on in Egypt because you go where you feel like you're going to be welcomed.
If you're not welcomed somewhere, you find someone.
So when I put my workout and I was talking to people in the 90s on message boards, and I could see, I wasn't getting anywhere there.
And I thought, well, okay.
Who has the most to gain and who has the most to lose by opening this up and exposing everything, right?
And getting it out in the open.
Who has the most to gain if they come down on my side and who has the most to lose?
[36:00] And obviously, those who have the most to lose, are the Western institutions who have written the history of the world and written the history of Egypt.
And so I decided, well, I have to appeal to Egyptian engineers.
And so in my second book, Lost Technologies of Ancient Egypt, I appeal, I put out a challenge to modern Egyptian engineers to go out and check the artifacts for themselves.
And that's what they did.
One man, one engineer, I don't know how many other engineers were involved, but also I'm talking to Egyptologist tour guides.
And the message I'm getting is that the permit of tomb theory is pretty much underway out.
The young people are being energized and looking at their artifacts in a different way.
So the engineer that I took up the challenge is called Amid Adley.
[37:12] And he followed my path.
He went into the Serapim and checked all his huge granite boxes.
He did a study of the statues.
He presented the Giza Power Plant theory to physicist at Cairo University.
And it's like, well, times are changing.
So the Egyptian youth are taking all of the rains and they're excited about their future.
You know, just recently there was a, there was a, there's like a STEM class.
It was put on by now American University.
[38:00] It was held at the Grand Egyptian Museum and there were over 200 students that took place.
The professors and teachers of these students got amadadly involved to design experiments to talk about pyramids as energy sources, talk about the statues, symmetry, design projects that the kids could do.
And even to the point of taking a slab of copper and trying to cut a brick using the old method just so that they could get a hands-on feel for what it was like.
It's all very well to sit at home in your armchair and come up with a theory.
[39:02] But if you don't go out and test it, then are you just going to buy it, wrote that, OK, OK, I have a respected professor tells me that this was done with copper chisels or copper slabs.
And it's a well, if he says it, then he's got to be right, because that's what he's paid for.
He's paid to teach the truth.
What is the oldest known iron that we are aware of?
Oh.
In terms of steel.
Yeah, that's that's a little outside my wheelhouse.
I don't know.
I won't be able to answer that accurately.
Right, but they don't think that the Egyptians had it.
Well, that was metal iron found in the Great Pyramid.
There was.
Yeah.
I think it was Jordan Patriot Patriot's time, an engineer called pairing discovered an iron plate that was lodged [40:01] near the, near one of the shafts.
Wasn't there also, didn't one of the farols have a dagger that was made from a meteorite?
Supposedly, yeah, a meteorite kind, yeah.
Okay, so.
So how old is that?
I don't know.
And really, when you talk about, when you talk about the smelting of iron, you know, I mean, I think you had that discussion on with your, when, when Graham and, did we talk about that, Jim?
Like when, and yeah, the smelting being, I could have been though, but I don't know.
Let's find out what, what is the conventional date that they use today for the smelting of iron when they start doing that.
I think the discussion was the appearance of lead and the size cause that were drilled.
Oh, that's right.
Industrial activity basically, what they were looking for.
So 1200 BC.
[41:02] Okay, the history of Ferrous, how do you say that word Ferrous Ferrous metallurgy began far back in prehistory most likely with use of iron for meteors There you go the smelting of iron bloom worries Is that it bloom worries?
What do you say?
I began at the 12th century BC in India Anatolia or the Caucasus iron use in smelting and forging for tools appeared in Sub-Saharan Africa by 1200 BC.
So it could be that these pharaohs, the one that had the iron dagger made out of a meteorite, maybe that was later.
Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah, two tongue common.
Okay, so for sure it was.
Look at that.
Meteoric iron dagger.
Wow.
So that's 1334 to 1325 BC.
Interesting.
Well, that's earlier.
That's earlier than they said people were smelting.
Yeah, but they found it.
I don't know when they made it.
Yeah, but that's different.
Right.
But if it's Tutankhamon, that's his time.
Yeah, but that eye came from [42:06] Mount Space.
Right, so they could have hammered it into that position.
So we know they're aware of it at least, at this at 1300 BC.
We know they're aware of iron, but there's just no evidence of tools.
Yeah, I mean, I don't know if they knew what the metallurgy of these materials that they had found, but they had a material that they could shape and they shaped it into a dagger.
But we don't know if they shaped it into tools or shaped it into some other things.
This is what he says at the iron plate right here says it was unlikely that it was a byproduct of copper smelting operations.
It was badly corroded.
The outer layer of the iron have been badly corroded and now forms a standard iron oxide significant proportions of gold were found in one of the oxidized layers and the plate [43:01] may originally have been gold plated.
New data coupled with the original archaeological information is strongly suggests the iron plate is contemporary with the building of the pyramid and that it is therefore one of the oldest known pieces of iron.
Yeah, I think Patri described it as having a new malice that had somehow been deposited on the surface.
So at least that's some evidence of iron in great pyramids.
But you know, sorry, what iron was it smelted?
Right.
And it was the question.
Did they have the capability of doing that?
And when?
Right.
And when.
Right.
So it's just pure speculation as to what they use for the core.
What is the conventional thought as to how they made these vases?
I mean, there are demonstrations of crafting ancient vases.
But I think this recent research and the discovery of the precision of them, which had always [44:07] been a question mark until just recently, people would go through the Cairo Museum or in any museum in the world and they would see these beautiful, finally crafted artifacts made out of igne he is rocking they look extraordinarily precise.
And I've done that the same, the same.
I mean I look at them and I was like wow I'd like to get one of those in my shop and just check it out, you know, quality inspection.
And so for years that was a, for me it was like always a question.
I loved to know how precise those vases are.
And then in 2018, the owner of that original vase, Adam Young, he came on the tour.
[45:02] And he befriended my son Alex and they were talking about the phases and Alex was a quality inspector, quality engineer, to the company that I worked at.
Since he worked at another company in Indianapolis.
Now I think he's working in the metrology lab at Rolls Royce in Indianapolis.
Now I think he's he's a working in the metrology lab at Rolls Royce and Indianapolis.
And so he's like, well, we should scan them.
I'll do it, do an inspection.
So Adam Brody's ways down to Indianapolis and to where Alex was working and he got permission from the managers at the shop to do an inspection of them.
And it seemed like, you know, you talk to people, shop people, right?
People who are actually out there every day making quality parts that people's lives depend on.
You know, if you fly on an airplane and I told one of the other, there's another owner of Vase, he's got a lot of them [46:07] and I told him, I said, you know, you're carrying in your hand a lot, in fact, that is more precise than some of the parts that were installed in the engine that was on the plane that you flew with.
That's me.
And he's like, wow, okay, I mean, that's where you bring it home.
And so all these guys who are making these artifacts, right, and they're held to exacting standards every day.
They can't slip up.
They can't make mistakes.
You know, there's no fudging or faking anything.
Otherwise you'll be out on your ear.
People will be falling out the skies.
Right.
Right.
So that's for those parts and these artifacts were more precise than that, which is just insane.
Well, not all of them.
I mean, there are parts in an airplane engine or aircraft engine that are more precise.
I mean, features of the parts are more precise.
And that's where, and could I, I want to explain something here, because I think it's a very, [47:11] very important point.
And it has confused something for your car, you know, say a crankshaft or something like that, right?
Take a crankshaft, it's got very precise features on it and then there are features that are not so precise because they don't need to be.
It all depends on what the customer requirements are.
So they don't build precision or require precision in a product where it's not needed.
That just makes it more expensive.
[48:08] But now you have people who are looking at some of these artifacts like the boxes in the Serapim, and they are finding imprecise areas of the boxes.
The photograph of me inside one of those boxes with a toolmaker's precision square.
There's nothing simpler, right?
You take a square, you stick it out, and you check to see if it's square.
The surface is flat, is it square?
Yeah, that's fine.
And now you've got guys going around on the outside of the box and finding inaccuracies, some areas inside boxes that have inaccuracies.
And now they're calling me a liar.
They say [49:02] that I faked and fudged measurements.
Right, it's like, I don't know, the council culture they want to get away from.
What is there, the beef?
You used a square and you measure things and you found them to be precise.
And I said, holy shit, look at this.
And what are they using?
Before, before me.
What what are they using?
Before me.
What equipment are they using that's showing that your equipment, what your measurements are, were inaccurate?
They are not.
They don't go to the area and show that the area that I was checking is imprecise.
They will find some other area that is less precise, point to that and lead the viewer to believe that that defines everything.
Right, so everything is not precise, but much of it is.
[50:02] Yes.
Okay.
And the areas that aren't necessary to be precise, like the outside of the box are not as precise as the inside.
So are we saying?
They don't have to be.
Right.
They don't have to be.
So when it comes to precision, like the precision of the faces, for instance, and some of the sculptures, what is the conventional explanation for how precise they are?
Because these are massive faces that were supposedly carved by hand, but the accuracy on either side of the face is so phenomenal.
Yeah.
Like bizarrely so, like how accurate?
Well, exactly.
We don't know.
But as far as the methods that I used, which is like 2D photography, and then comparing features in the computer for symmetry and some geometric features.
Nobody had done that before.
And so I [51:10] come along, you know, I said, wow, this is, actually, it kind of hit me.
It was my first time I went to Egypt and I was at Tsakar and I was looking down the length of the statue of Ramsey's at the OpenM Museum there.
And they said, well, those denostrels are extraordinarily symmetrical.
I mean, they match, right?
And most people's nostrils are different, if you look at them.
And so, yeah, that's my photograph.
That's my photograph.
There's the measurements on each side.
They're exact.
Yeah, they're very exact as I could make it.
But, you know, I qualify the work that I did by saying this is not the final answer.
[52:00] There needs to be more sophisticated measurements taken, more accurate measurements taken.
They need to be scanned.
And then they need to be analyzed where you have a precise scan where you're not trusting your eyes, you're actually trusting the tried and true development of laser scanners.
But at the very least, the amount of symmetry that exists in these massive statues is spectacular.
It's blind blowing.
I can't even express it.
It's absolutely blind blowing.
You look at the one with the...
How large are these that we're talking about?
Um, well, the one that I measured was, uh, the first one was at the Luxorm Museum, and it's out outside.
I would say it's probably four feet or something.
[53:04] But there's very large ones too.
Just like the face and the head dress.
There are large ones, yes.
I think the one that was taken from the Ramaceeam and is now in the British Museum was a large statue.
How big was that?
I think, well, they say that the statues, the statues at the Ramisee were up to 1,000 tons, I'm not sure, but they're really big, really big.
1,000 tons.
Look at that.
Well, I want to say, yeah, 1,000 tons, but I would say they were extremely heavy.
Now, what is the conventional speculations to how the symmetry was achieved?
I've heard different ideas where you take a mirror and then you kind of match it to, [54:01] you know, when you guide your hand and another one where you take a pointer and you set a depth and then you transfer that from one side to the other.
And those are, you know, I mean, I don't know anybody who is a precision manufacturer who would accept such an explanation.
And really at the end of the day, you have to say, okay, well, show me and we'll match, you know, he'll show me and we'll check yours and compare it to the original.
That's the only way to solve the problem.
And so this is just one example of one of the mind-blowing mysteries involved in this culture that they had some kind of capability of not just doing that and not just making [55:03] the vases but also making the pyramids themselves, which are beyond comprehension.
It's huge.
I mean, you know, the thing is that you have, I don't think, not all engineers think alike, right?
But I've never been with an engineer who has examined this subject from Ben to Egypt that is not absolutely blown away by what they're seeing.
And I'm saying, no, you can't do it by hand.
You can't hold those kind of tolerances by hand.
You look at the Ramsey statue, and you look at the symmetry.
It's not two-dimensional symmetry.
I mean, I was just measuring a two-dimensional photograph.
It's not two-dimensional.
It's three-dimensional.
So that radius that you see going around the jaw line is moving in three axes, x, y, z.
[56:03] And you're still coming up with a radius.
Perfect radius.
Crazy.
No.
Yeah.
And so let's go to the pyramid itself.
So you have a very fascinating hypothesis as to what the pyramid or theory, as to what the pyramid actually was.
And it's based on where the supposed King's Chamber is, where those passages go through into it.
And what do you think that thing was?
Well, my first book pretty much describes what I thought it was in 1998, which was a power plant.
The book is entitled the Geese of Power Plant.
My second book is evolved and I describe it as an electron harvester.
So, you know, it's kind of like you could describe it as both, but today, when you do, or people at any decade, they [57:12] think of a power plant and they see these huge chimneys with, you know, smoke stacks.
Or a new plant.
Yeah, or a new plant, you know, power plant, and thirds, e-, nasty, unclean.
But an electron-harvester, clean, pollution-free, not a problem.
Has that been achieved conventionally?
I mean, today, is there a thing called an electron-harvester?
I think that actually, when you look at a generator, that's an electron harvested because we don't create electrons.
We just harvest them.
It's just how we do it.
And so, you know, when you say an electron harvested, you could say that, you know, say a [58:01] wind generator.
You have a windmill.
You have a generator inside it and then you collect an electrons off the commutator in a generator and that's where the electricity comes in.
And that's where that's your electricity.
Right, or hydroelectric, you use the flow of the water.
Yeah, you don't create the like you just release them.
You harvest it from a process.
Yeah, obviously.
Through a process obviously through a process and the process that you think they use in the great pyramid involve those shafts It involves a lot of things.
Yeah, it's not just one single thing is the system Not not a single thing so when you look at we show a photo of that do we have a photo of The pyramids and the shafts and where the King's Chambers were you I know you've described this before Mm-hmm.
Do you have a photo of I do I?
I certainly Okay, this perfect is this works so it works So these names the King's Chamber and the Queen's Chamber you don't think that that's actually a King's Chamber or Queen's Chamber [59:04] You think it's something else?
Well, out of respect to the Egyptians, I call them.
Call them, yeah.
Okay.
But I do have a different terminology for them as they function.
Now, the initial surface of the Great Pyramid is covered in smooth limestone, right?
So it's polished and shiny, and apparently it would collect insane amounts of light.
The, well, the outer surface of the great pyramid mostly is messing, but it has been described as, if it was finished and depending on the polish that it received, yeah, it could, it could reflect a lot of light.
Do you think that that had something to do with the design of this power plant?
I don't think there's any power to that pyramid that did not serve a practical function.
[1:00:04] Okay, so this is the image that you have here.
And what this image shows us is the King's Chamber, the various shafts, the southern shaft, the northern shafts, and these shafts have been described as portals to stars because people have looked up through there and you go through the shaft, you see stars, but what you're saying is something entirely different.
What do you think these shafts were for?
Well, I think they serve two different purposes.
Actually four different purposes, if you will, because in the theory that I propose, which is, I don't know, it's a speculation, but there it's, well, the whole process is kind of like a heuristic process where you're grabbing information, you're moving ahead, it doesn't matter what source you get in it from.
Because when you are looking for answers, [1:01:03] you look everywhere, you try and find, you look everywhere.
So when I was going through the process of trying to figure it out, I was collecting information from memory.
And for the southern shaft and the northern shaft of the Queen's Chamber, that was a huge mystery to me.
southern shaft and the northern shaft of the Queen's Chamber.
That was a huge mystery to me.
And I tried to fit it into what were they doing?
I mean, if you look at the details, the facts of their design and what the ancient Egyptians were doing, why they designed them that way.
You have two conduits coming into a chamber, but they're not connected to the chamber.
And we didn't even know they existed until 1872 for Wamen Dixon.
Show me that image again, please.
[1:02:02] So they're coming into the chamber, but they don't enter into the chamber.
They stopped.
They're original, they're original design had the shafts ending five inches before coming into the chamber.
So you had like five inches of limestone that was left in the block.
So did someone remove that limestone?
Yes.
Why did they do that?
Wayman Dixon, because they were examining the chamber and they were poking around.
And Wayman Dixon, it is reported, so the legend goes, noticed a crack in the wall.
And so he took a rod and pushed it through the crack.
And the rod, he didn't meet any resistors, he kept going.
So he had his worker come in, Bill Grande with a hammer and chisel, [1:03:00] and say chisel, chisel the limestone around that.
People stupid.
So they did, yeah, they didn't have ultraviolet I'd say chisel chisel the limestone around that people stupid Well, they they did yeah, they didn't have ultrasonic thickness No, but still god damn to have the arrogance to go and chip away at the pyramid Well you look at look at how it you know I Don't care for revisionist historians because you know you have to consider What people were doing and their mindset in the day.
And then I try to look at the on the bright side, right?
Like I don't look at it as a negative thing because if somebody hadn't opened up those shass, we wouldn't know about them.
Right.
And it's the same with the chambers above the King's chamber.
Without how it was what, how it was advised and his military expedition blasting his way up into the pyramid.
We wouldn't know about them either.
You won't be able to, I mean, there's a lot there, I think there's a lot there right now.
[1:04:01] And it's been investigated now, but there's things that have been revealed through scanning, like moogography, the scam pyramid project.
They found that large void above the Grand Gallery.
Right.
And so, you know, which is larger than the King's Chamber, right?
It's longer than the King's Chamber, yeah.
And so that's not even represented here on this.
It's about the size of the cabin on a Boeing 707.
Wow.
So if these shafts came through and then they met limestone at the end, what do you think was going on?
In order to answer that question, I had to look at the rest of the pyramid.
What was it doing?
And how was it functioning?
And so one of the key pieces of evidence that I used to propose a process that was going on is the Northern Shaft.
[1:05:12] And the Northern Shaft has dimensions and has an appearance that is similar to a wave guide that you would use for microwaves.
And the dimensions of it would be approximate wavelength of hydrogen.
It's plain a wave guide?
How does that work?
Yes.
It's like a wave guide is to transmit microwaves.
Electromagnetic energy in the microwave region.
And it is passed more efficiently through like a tube or waveguide.
That's what they use.
I mean, they're very complicated systems.
[1:06:04] And so how did this represent in your mind what a waveguide looks like?
Actually, you know the idea of a waveguide came to me from a guy.
We were talking about the pyramids and I was I a, I used to carry a schematic of the great pyramid in my back pocket.
And I, me, the engineer, and I go, hey, hey, come here.
I just start going through.
So what do you think about this?
Because I was looking for answers, suggestions, brainstorming, anything, right?
And it's like, so these shafts are right here and he looks at it and he was into electronics, electronic engineering and he's like, hmm, they look like waveguides to me and I thought, well, that's interesting.
They look like waveguides.
Okay.
What if [1:07:00] they are waveguides?
How do they function?
I mean, what would they use for?
What would they use in waveguides for in ancient Egypt?
And so I started to go down that rabbit hole.
And that led me to the Queen's Chamber.
And I'd say, OK, waveguides, you need a medium.
You need microwaves to go through a waveguide.
What frequency of microwave was it, right?
And you look at the dimensions and you come up with a match for hydrogen.
How do you do that?
How do you come up with a match for hydrogen through the dimensions?
Yeah.
Yeah.
The wavelength of hydrogen is 8.309 inches.
And the width of the northern shaft is 8.4 inches.
And a waveguide generally has the wavelength and then about half of the wave length in height.
[1:08:09] So it's a rectangular shaft.
Just like all the shafts.
And the, well, the, yeah, the Queen's chamber shaft is a little more squared than the King's chamber shaft.
So did a different function?
Different function, yeah.
So these wave guides, you believe what are they connect collecting and where are they getting it from?
Good question Joe.
They had we are bombarded with microwaves every day.
I mean it's the signal from they say the big bang and you know there's a attack that comes from a Tommy hydrogen out in the universe in outer space.
So we're being bombarded and you believe that this passage is collecting this.
Yeah so anyway so then you say okay if we build a device and we say, and we want to energize hydrogen, [1:09:08] we bring it to a higher energy state and just like in a laser where you have microwave amplification through stimulated emission.
So if we want to collect energy that is in a gaseous medium, say that it's hydrogen medium, and the electrons in the hydrogen are pumped up to a higher energy state, and we want to collect the energy in that, introduce a microwave signal, direct it through that gas and stimulate the emission of the energy, collect that energy and chew it up the sudden shaft.
And so that was like, okay, that might work.
So what kind of gas?
Hydrogen.
And so where are you getting the hydrogen from?
Queen's chamber.
[1:10:00] So there's hydrogen in the Queen's chamber and how does it get in there?
The shafts.
But they doesn't command as hydrogen.
That's the parent of the theory in the geyser power plant.
There are two chemicals that are introduced into the chamber and the chemicals mix and they boil off hydrogen.
And these chemicals are just coming from the radioactive waves of space?
No, no, no.
The chemicals, I believe, are manufactured and delivered to those shafts and coming.
Okay.
So they add some sort of chemicals to it.
And what function does the limestone have at the end that keeps it from going into the King's Chamber and keeps it blocked off?
Well, to answer that question, I was having a chat with a civil engineer who was putting in a septic system for me and so with a leech field.
[1:11:04] And he was doing a percolation test, right?
This is an Indiana.
And Indiana is known for its fine limestone.
His name was Roland Dove, a city engineer, and I asked him, I said, well, what do you do?
How does this function?
If you are in an area where there's not much topsoil, you scrape away maybe a foot of topsoil and then you're on the bedrock.
What do you do then?
And he said, well, if you are limestone is permeable and basically you follow the same steps that you would as if you were dig it into earth, you know, just dirt.
You dig a hole, you cut a hole in the limestone and you determine how quickly the water would disperse or would actually seep out.
[1:12:10] And I was like, wow, okay.
So the wine stone acts as a filter?
Not a filter.
Well, it would have filter, yes, but definitely the water would not just stay there.
Right, it would go through it.
But it would go through it at a certain rate.
And I said, okay, let me ask you this.
How do you determine the flow rate?
How would you determine the flow rate of a column of water, right, going through limestone.
And he said, well, that would depend on the head pressure.
How much pressure?
What weight is pushing against the limestone?
Right.
Right.
And I go, huh, okay, that's interesting.
So then I go back to the drawing boards, I go back [1:13:06] to my blueprints of the Great Pyramid and I'm looking at the southern northern shaft of the Queen's Chamber and I see that they both of these shafts go up to an area that nobody knows where it goes.
At that time, when I was doing research, nobody knew where they ended.
But I was thinking, well, if they are feeling a chemical, they would need to be assured that they can maintain a particular head pressure.
That would be calculated the weight of the column fluid.
Essentially, as these are on an angle, calculations may get a little more complicated, but you would [1:14:04] figure it out or you could do it by trial and error.
But not all the evidence was in to really kind of solidify that theory, right?
It's like, okay, I've got this much data.
This is what I'm working with.
There's a lot of unknowns, I don't know.
So what do we do?
And then in 1993, a German engineer, Rudolf Gantanbrink, he was invited to Egypt, and he was working under the German mission in Cairo, and he had permission to\u2014or they wanted him to actually examine\u2014get a row about examine all those [1:15:01] shafts that both the King's Chamber and the Queen's Chamber, actually no, mostly the King's Chamber.
They wanted to ventilate the pyramid, and so they wanted to make sure that the shafts were clear and that when they installed their fans, that there won't be any obstruction.
And so he built a robot to go through these clean the shafts out and then install fans in the King's Chamber.
But he'd always been a mystery in the, as far as the Queen's Chamber shafts, where did they end?
Oh, but he knew.
Nobody had explored them now.
So he proposed that they allow him to build another robot and examine the shafts in the Queen's Chamber, which he did that.
He had a robot they called it Upoi-2, which means the opening of the ways.
Right.
And so with his robot, he had a tether behind it and a camera lights and it crawled its way.
[1:16:16] It was like a track vehicle.
And there was a mechanism for the upper track that caused it to grit the ceiling and it was able to climb up the shaft and they were looking for where it ended.
And they found where it ended.
After a few kind of obstacles, one being what he called a tank trap, which was like a depression in the floor of the shaft, about a drop of about two inches, which is another story entirely.
I don't think the full truth of why that is there has been figured out yet or explained, but they're working on it.
[1:17:06] And so his robot, when it got so far up the shaft and they discovered that there was a block at the end of the shaft and through the block are two metal fittings.
Metal.
What kind of metal?
We don't know.
So a person hasn't gone up there and gotten a sample of it, so that's not really known.
It's just don't I don't know so a person hasn't gone over there and gotten a sample of it So I don't really know it's just published.
I don't know there's some kind of metal fans They assumed that they were copper and how far is it from the outside edge of the pyramid?
Well, you do ask a more good question.
I don't have that information in front of me But I would say that if you are wanting to reach the end of the, well, that's other shaft is, the shortest route that you could take would be through a horizontal passage that goes directly out to the outer surface of the great pyramid.
Just a horizontal passage.
[1:18:06] Going up, going down, and going up.
Can I see the image again, please?
So what we're looking at when you're seeing the shafts.
Oh, I'm sorry.
No worries.
We're helpful with that part or do you want the whole thing?
I want to see what it looks like on the outside.
Yeah, that one.
Yeah.
So, so say it again.
What would be the best way to access it?
Yeah, I mean, if you go to the end of the shaft and just have a short, a horizontal shaft going or passage going out to the, going out to the outer face, you would have a shore to distance and if you went up or down, that would be the ideal place to have access to it.
[1:19:01] But it doesn't go, this makes it look like it goes all the way to the outside edge of the pyramid.
That's not the case.
Well, the Queen's Chamber like it goes all the way to the outside edge of the pyramid.
That's not the case.
Well, the Queen's Chamber shaft.
No, the King's Chamber shaft.
Well, the King's Chamber shaft does go to the outside.
It goes all the way outside.
It goes all the way to the outside, yeah.
And so the Queen's Chamber shaft, it stops quite a bit before the outside edge of the pyramid.
Right.
So both of them function in a different way.
Yes.
And so you feel like in the King's Chamber shaft that something was poured in some kind of chemicals was poured into those chambers.
Queen's Chamber shaft.
Queen's Chamber shaft.
Yeah.
But not the King's Chamber.
Not the King's Chamber.
Okay.
So the Queen's Chamber shaft, what is the difference and why do you think that there was chemicals poured in that and not into the King's Chamber?
Because the Queen's Chamber was a reaction chamber.
That's where the hydrogen was produced.
The hydrogen filled the interior spaces of the great pyramids, which included the King's [1:20:01] Chamber.
And then through the action, different actions, whether it be the frowned effect, which we can talk about, and that's the release of electrons from the lithosphere, or the accumulation of vibration, or the collection of vibration.
vibration and how it was centered or focused into the King's Chamber, it created a highly energized atmosphere.
So, have they found access to the northern and southern shafts in the Queen's Chamber?
To the shafts.
They found access where the Egyptians would have been able to port chemicals into those.
No, not yet.
Not yet.
No.
But they have found something that's not represented represented on this image.
Another chamber, right, which is more recent.
Right.
I mean, the my my new book has updated images in it to describe that what is what [1:21:07] updated images in it to describe what is what new has been discovered.
And that new chamber is above the King's chambers, correct?
It's actually above the grand gallery.
Okay.
And it kind of wraps around or is close to the northern shaft.
That's an interesting place for it to be too, which prompted my research associate Eric Wilson, who is an aerospace engineer, to suggest that that actually feature, feature if it is what he thinks it is would complete my theory because it would serve as a preamp for the microwave.
So the microwave, he said that was the thing that was missing in my theory was that I didn't, there was no preamp.
So is there an image that we can look at that shows where this [1:22:02] new chamber, the newly discovered, I should say chamber.
Can I take a break?
Yes, sure, sure.
I need to go, Lou.
Yeah, absolutely.
We'll be right back.
All right.
So you were just discussing the chambers and how you believe fluid was in the shafts of the queen's chamber and that it somehow or another created hydrogen with these chemicals.
How is the microwave going through those chambers if it's blocked off from the outside?
Is it penetrating through the stone?
Well, it doesn't go into the queen's chamber, so that's through the king's chamber shafts, which are open.
Okay's through the king's chamber shafts which are open.
Okay, so the king's chamber shafts is what's collecting the microwaves.
The queen's chamber shafts have the what you believe some chemicals in there.
Right.
And then what is happening with those chemicals?
They're mixing and barley off hydrogen.
Okay, so they're creating hydrogen.
[1:23:03] Right.
And what is the function of the space in those shafts?
Is that help the chemical process?
Is that what it is?
The space in the shafts.
Where they're filling them up with liquid?
Oh yes, that is the that is predetermined to make sure that they may t maintained their head pressure.
The fittings are the metal fittings.
I describe as switches, like fluid switches.
So when the fluid or the chemical was covering those metal fittings, I call them electrodes, there would be a closed circuit.
When the fluid level drops, it would open the circuit and signal the lead for more chemicals to be pumped in.
[1:24:00] In order to maintain the head pressure, in order to make sure that there is an accurate supply of that chemical.
And so that chemical would pull up inside of the Queen's Chamber?
That it would probably, yes.
I mean, there's a lot that is missing from the Queen's Chamber.
You have a niche in the East Wall.
We don't know what that was for.
I suspect that it had something to do with, they may have been an evaporation tower or something like that where the chemicals may extend, wicked up through some materials and maybe it was dried.
Can you show me the image again please?
Yeah.
And so here we have, so there's the chemicals that are in the shafts.
You have the queen's chamber, which is collecting the hydrogen.
And then what happens into the king's chamber?
[1:25:05] Oh, while land is going on, the King's Chamber is vibrating in sympathy with the earth.
And it has, it has become, it is actually a coupled oscillator with the earth.
How so?
How does that work?
Well, a couple of oscillators is a device that's attached to a larger vibrating device and is in sympathy with the Earth.
What is causing the King's Chamber to vibrate?
The passage of vibration through the pyramid.
Of the Earth.
of vibration through the pyramid of the earth, of the earth, which is assisted.
It's coupled by using what I call a tesla device in the subterranean chamber because you've got three, [1:26:01] four, you've got several systems in there, right?
So if you've got the subterranean chamber, that serves one function.
You go up to the quiz chamber, that serves another function.
You go up to the kings chamber, that serves another function.
And in between you have the grand gallery, the ascending passage, the descending passage, all of these things are there for a reason.
And so the subterranean chamber, how do you think that worked?
I, I, I would speculate that and actually if you, if you read, uh, Teslas and some of his writings, he suggests that, uh, with, uh, a very little energy, you could build a device that imparts energy or thrusts into a structure.
And if it is in harmony or the exact frequency with that structure, [1:27:02] it could bring the structure down just by an accumulation of energy, of vibration.
The amplitude would keep, and if you kept pounding it and pounding it, pounding it eventually it would all come down.
I mean that was, that's why they instructed soldiers when they were on the march to break step when they cross a bridge Because that steps might Cause the bridge to oscillate and destroy it's a very destructive force is the this You know frequency or Oscillating vibrations so what would caught what kind of device in the subterranean chamber would do that?
He built a device that delivered thrusts and powers.
It was electromagnetic earthquake machine, it's called, right?
[1:28:01] Mm-hmm.
You could do it with electro mechanical, you could do it with electro hydraulicmechanical, you could do it with an electro-hydraulic or anything.
But you have to be able to time the action.
And so, okay, you think of it like you've got, you're going to device, you're going to sell under, you've got a shaft coming out of it, and you've got a hammer, or you've got a copper pad, or whatever at coming out of it and you got a hammer or you got a copper pad or whatever at the end of it and you design it so that that shaft is going to push out at a particular frequency.
Like a pest boom, boom, boom, boom.
And so you put it again and say structure, that structure has a natural frequency, all structures do.
You might hit one with a fist and don't think it would resonate at all, but if you go the first strike may impart enough energy to move something maybe a couple of angstroms, [1:29:08] right?
And so it's like very, very binding movement.
The next one will move it a little more, then you just keep pounding it.
Just keep pounding it.
And as you pound it, the oscillations become bigger, the amplitude becomes bigger, and if you keep doing it, you can bring the whole thing down.
So the key is to do it at a rate that is able to utilize the hydrogen?
Well, at this point, hydrogen has nothing to do with it.
I mean, this is just a totally separate subsystem.
It doesn't care if there's hydrogen in the pyramid.
But this is the subsystem exists to vibrate the king's pyramid.
Just to connect the pyramid with the yeah.
Right.
Okay.
So it's vibrating the pyramid.
Yeah.
And the the hydrogen in the queen's chamber now it makes its way into the king's chamber.
[1:30:11] Well yes I mean it flows up through the grant along the horizontal passage through the Grand Gallery and up into the king's chamber.
So all this is connected.
So the hydrogen goes up, it goes in the King's Chamber, which is a phenomenal structure.
Carved out of granite from 500 miles away, massive stones, the biggest stones in the pyramid, correct?
Right.
And so what happens with the vibration of the pyramid through this thing that's connected to the earth and subterranean chamber, constantly hitting, boom, boom, vibrating, the hydrogen flows into the great chamber, the great, the king's chamber, or the king's chamber is vibrating, and then you have these shafts that come from the outside of the king's chamber into it.
[1:31:01] So what's happening there?
Okay, well let's go back to the subterranean.
Subterranean.
Right.
Okay.
And let's talk about not what happens in the pyramid, but what is happening in the earth.
Okay.
And this is where we introduce Tesla technology.
And also the work of a NASA physicist called Friedman-Froind.
Just keep that thing up there, Jim.
So Friedman-Froind has done a research on earthquake lines.
And his objective was to try to determine if we could detect or we could have an early warning system for earthquakes.
And he was using NASA satellites to survey the Earth and to observe for where when earthquake [1:32:00] lights show up.
And his theory, it's not really a theory, it's a scientific fact, is that in the minerals in igneous rock, you have these positive charge carriers.
When they are stressed, they will shoot to the surface.
And the positive charge carrier, they call them holes, he describes it as a new physics, but it's kind of related to semiconductor physics, which is a little above my head.
But still, he's talking about releasing electrons from deep within the earth and those electrons when they're stimulated To move they move very very quickly through the pyramid I mean through the earth and and they seek the highest point On the surface of the earth so you have Tesla on one side and he's saying that if you could put a [1:33:10] like an earthquake machine and just drive you know frequency into the planet you might be able to release the stresses in the earth's crust and also reduce the possibility of an earthquake.
I'm not saying eliminated entirely but at least you would relieve some pressure.
Yeah you would relieve some pressure.
And so you know with with that it's it becomes you put in these little bits of disparate information together and you combine them and you say, oh, maybe there is something here.
I think, you know, the biggest discovery, which is not talked about very much, is a freedom of friends discovery of the physics behind earthquake lines.
[1:34:11] And he actually experimented in his lab.
He has a YouTube video with him, he explains it a lot better.
Do you want to pull that up and watch it?
Well, we could, but it's probably as we'll get flagged.
Oh, okay then.
He uses YouTube video.
Oh, okay.
All right.
So for those, you know, listening, you can search freedom and fraud and just fraud, F-R-E-N-E-F-R-E-U-N-D.
And Ted Xtalk in Christchurch, New Zealand.
It's an excellent video.
Okay, explains it.
So something is happening in the subterranean chamber.
[1:35:02] Yep.
And this something is causing the pyramid and the earth around it to vibrate.
Mm-hmm.
And how is that affecting the hydrogen and how is that affecting what's happening in the king's chamber?
Okay, so you have a combination of, you got two different kinds of energy now flowing through the great pyramid.
You've got electro-magnetic energy and also got mechanical energy.
Right.
Okay, so you've got the mechanical energy of this thing that's striking.
You have the passages that are filled with chemicals that's causing the accumulation of hydrogen.
The hydrogen is making its way into the king's chamber and then what is the function of these passageways that go into the king's chamber from the outside?
Well the northern shaft carries a microwave signal.
That signal passes through a amplifier and then the signal enters into the chamber and collects the energy that has been accumulating in [1:36:11] that space.
It's like a laser, amazing.
So the chambers are collecting microwave energy from space.
It's going through them and it's going, excuse the passageways rather, it's going into the chamber which is vibrating and it's filled with hydrogen.
So what is this reaction that happens when these two things meet?
Okay, the action of that is the same as a laser where you have the introduction of a photon in a laser, right?
That photon passes through an energized medium where the electrons are pumped to a higher energy state, then the [1:37:05] that full-town collects another full-town, and then another one, and it just builds and builds and builds and builds.
But it does it at the speed of light, obviously.
And so that's why when you say you have a laser point, that process is what happens before it.
But before you before the light appears on your on your slide or whatever you press the button and it's kind of instant, right?
But there's a lot been a lot going on since when you when you press that button to create that laser light.
I see.
But it just happens.
It's just so fast.
Right.
So this King's Chamber, when it has the hydrogen in it, you have the electrons, you have the vibration of the thing, you have the microwaves coming in.
What do you think?
So you have microwaves coming in, but then you have power output.
[1:38:01] Power output.
Yeah.
So the power output is the the Southern shaft and This is where you there's another piece of key evidence Jamie could you show the slide that shows the opening of the Southern shaft, please?
It's crazy that this makes sense Well It's crazy that this makes sense.
Well, I'm sure I was trying to get, there's a bunch of slides in here that are really interesting, but we haven't got to them yet.
Well, we got time.
We'll get to those.
What it said, you know, I don't know about me.
You're doing great.
I made pass out.
Have a look at the coffee.
There's the Northern shaft, but I don't know.
Oh, that's the coffee here.
There's the Northern Shaft, but I don't know.
Oh, that's the Northern Shaft.
OK, wait a minute.
Go to the newer slides.
I think there are better images on those.
Yeah, these were created back in the day.
OK, hold on.
Go.
Nothing's that selling now.
See, OK, here.
Just stop here, OK?
[1:39:01] OK.
All right, so my first book, I didn't have a really accurate description of the Northern Chef, okay.
And so since then, we got the CAD drawings of Rudolph Gantanbury when he did an examination.
And he did a great, great job, measuring everything, every angle, distance, all the way to the outside.
And so this is taken from his CAD drawing, and I just kind of made it a little more striking clear or people could understand the complexity of that shaft and also to point out some of the details that are pretty mind-blowing.
You have four two, three, four.
Before it goes into the King's Chamber.
Now where is that opening?
It is [1:40:12] at the quarter wave location and in a resident cavity, the highest amplitude could be found as a quarter wave.
So it's like if you've got a standing wave in a resident cavity, it's the quarter wave.
So the quarter of the distance along the length of the cavity, that's where you would be.
Right, okay.
But the other thing is, and this is, this information of course is common.
I've been, I've talked to people who worked on Wade Guides, Eric Wilson is very familiar with them, and he did a study of a Gantan brings drawings, [1:41:01] and he said, yeah, there's this, and he's pointing out different unusual features in the shaft that seem to appear in the design of modern wave guys, because you have changes in dimension.
You have these steps.
There is a bump in an area.
And it's all to kind of massage manipulate the beam as it comes into the pyramid.
But then when it comes to entering into the king's chamber, they go through four bends.
They say that's to be able to correct the beam so that when it does enter the pyramid, it is coherent and it goes in straight.
Wow.
So it's literally how you would design it?
The other thing, yeah.
The other thing is that the, and this is mind blowing, and it will tell you a lot.
[1:42:10] There is another drawing of a planned view of that shaft, Jamie.
Hold on, I think you...
Wait a minute.
Yeah, no.
Below the one with the...
Below that one, directly.
Nope, you passed it.
Yeah, that one.
Okay.
So, you know the commonly held theory about why those shafts exist is to ventilate the great pyramid, right?
Okay.
And the reason why they have those bends is for it to encircle the Grand Gallery.
[1:43:03] So there doesn't interfere with the Grand Gallery.
Now, if you're just going to ventilate that place, you would, would you need that many bends?
But look at the distance between the Grand Gallery wall and the North Chef.
It is 13.6 feet.
Right?
If you take the level where the Chef enters the King's Chamber and you take it straight past the Grand Gallery, you're looking at Dimension E, which is 41 inches.
So it would clear the Grand Gallery, it didn't have to go through all those bends, unless the [1:44:01] wall blocks of the Grand Gallery were so large that they didn't want to interfere with them.
And so does that suggest that the wall block thickness, because we don't know how thick they are?
We don't know how that they are maybe just a little less than 13 feet thick.
That is mind blowing.
Oh, heavier, those things.
Yeah.
So this, the way it's set up here, now especially when you look at it from this it really does kind of make sense that this is a passageway For gases and energy The way I'm looking I mean it looks like if you're looking at it like this looks like like a system.
There's a machine You were you were pointing about you were talking about the southern shaft [1:45:04] All right, um, and that the Southern shaft there's an outside image.
Yeah, I see it in the outside.
Yeah, could you show that one?
Which image is it?
Oh, it's coming I think.
Well, I think you're going the wrong way, Jamie.
There wasn't another picture the other way.
I can Google it if you want me to find it, but I don't know if it was It's in there Go down How many images are in here?
Hundreds how many did you want?
Whoa, hold on oh wait a minute.
No, just above.
Right, it was right below the previous picture that we were talking about.
Number 47 there.
No, just below that.
Yeah, there.
Okay.
Okay, so the bottom left photograph is the opening of the Southern shaft.
I mean, yeah, the Southern [1:46:07] shaft of the King's Chamber.
I took a photograph of it in 1986.
Okay?
To one on the right, I took in 1995 and that was after Rudolf Gantanbrink had installed the fan.
But if you look at that opening, you see that you have like a bulbous opening almost looks like a microwave horn antenna.
Right?
So it's not just a straight simple shaft.
It's like a catcher's mitt.
Okay.
Yeah.
Right?
I mean, it's just all of these different features of this chamber.
But most, I mean, you would overlook them, right?
But you would design it that way if you were trying to catch microwaves.
Yeah.
And so the southern shaft and the northern shaft have different functions.
[1:47:06] So the southern shaft and the northern shaft have different functions.
And you believe that the northern shaft is collecting the microwave energy?
It is channeling the microwave energy.
Yeah, I mean they would have some system on the outside to collect them.
You know, I mean they may have a very large area actually collecting microwaves and feeding it to a reflector that is directed down the northern shaft.
I mean if you know that there are eight sides to the pyramid, right?
Each side it dips in, so it doesn't go straight across it dips in.
I don't know where that reflector would have been positioned, but they could have been reflecting microwaves off the surface of the Great Pyramid to a reflector at a distance away and that reflector channeled down the, the Law of the Shaff.
[1:48:00] That would be one way to do it.
That would be one way to do it.
So either way, you believe that the Northern Shaft was somehow or another collecting microwave energy.
And the Southern Shaft, what would they do with that energy?
This is the question.
Well, that's the signal input.
That's what enters the King's Chamber and stimulates the mission of other photons.
Right.
But once the energy's connected, once they haven't collected, how are they using it?
How are they utilizing it?
Your guess is as good as mine.
I could only imagine if they can dream up how to build this system, how they machine those precision phases, how they created the statues.
And knowing that there is so much missing [1:49:08] from that culture.
Not only that, but knowing that you have to have something that you can use to make this in the first place.
Yes, like what kind of material are you using to carry these things?
There's so much missing.
And it's kind of like, all right, so you're saying that you use the pyramid to create energy and with that energy you powered your power tools to build the great pyramid.
That doesn't make any sense.
It doesn't make any sense at all.
Right.
So there was probably some other methods that were not aware.
Yeah.
Obviously.
I mean, you build any power plant.
You're going to have, you know, you're going to have generators on site.
They're going to wheel them in and.
Also, this is not going to be your first project.
You're not going to, you know, you already have some understanding of how [1:50:01] the stuff works.
I'll be making something of this scale.
Well, I mean, our industrial development is about 200 years of development.
Imagine if it's 500 years of development.
Or a thousand years.
From now.
Jamie, go back to that image where it showed the cross section that he said, we'll stop at this one.
No, there was one earlier, but that's fine.
Either one of them.
There was another one that showed like sort of a cross section.
That's it, that's it, thank you.
So this gives us an understanding of what it would look like originally.
There was a gold cap on the top, smooth limestone on the sides.
What do you think the function of that gold cap was?
Because gold is used in electricity, it's in electronic components, it's a great conductor of electricity.
Well, this is where you combine the Tesla's technology and also the Freud's laboratory experiments.
And in the laboratory, what Freud did is he got a granite slab, a couple of me feed a [1:51:16] few feet long, and he put it in a hydraulic press in order to test his theory that if, you know, Ignis Rock is put under pressure, it releases electrons.
So he wanted to test that.
And he said that the granted up in his concrete press.
I mean, concrete press, hydraulic press.
And then he ran a wire through an oscilloscope and then attached it to a copper cap on the other end of the granite.
So there has to be some kind of a connection.
All right, [1:52:02] so he got electrons moving, you know, he got positive charge carries shooting through the granite and the hand shaking at the end with the negative electrons and everybody does a happy dance and fires up their microwaves just kidding.
But that is seriously.
And then you combine that with Tesla and his proposal to build a system that way you can transmit electricity wirelessly without wires through the earth.
And you built the Waldencl tower, which was like a structure that would radiate that power.
So that's the inspiration for this image right here.
So the idea would be that this whole thing would be emitting wireless electricity?
[1:53:03] Yes.
And so that they would be able to utilize that somehow.
Like Tesla had theorized.
Tesla.
We actually implemented it right in tests, right?
Yeah, I mean Tesla power, Tesla cars to probably.
So have you debated anyone about this as any Egetologist or any person who doesn't agree with your theory sat down with you and and tried to pick it apart?
I am not a fan of debates Myself, I mean, I know it's good theater and some people are really good at it.
Mm-hmm and I good theater and some people are really good at it.
And you were able to demonstrate that the other week.
But I've not a big fan of them.
I'm not sure as far as scientists go, science or putting work out there for examination by your peers.
I'm not sure that it is helpful [1:54:10] to set up a shouting match or a conversation.
But I'm just interested to see what other people have to think about your theory because this is really fascinating to me.
I'm looking at all this and I'm like, wow, this makes so much more sense than having this thing there as just a tomb for a dead guy.
Well, there's not a lot of evidence that that's the case because they've never actually found.
No, no.
I mean, if you ask me, what was it for health?
Chris, what the hell were you thinking when you came?
What was you thinking?
You know, I mean, and that is actually a key question because, you know, if you're an examiner or if you are pleading, pleading you something or somebody is challenging you, What your state of mind was when something happened [1:55:10] and event happened, what was your state of mind at the time, is important.
And my state of mind at the time was the tomb theory is a death theory, I don't accept it.
The pyramid, because of its design, its features, its precision, it looked like a machine, perhaps it's a machine.
And if it is a machine, how did the machine operate?
So that's basically what my state of mind was.
And the evidence that I was looking at was evidence of a level of sophistication and a structure that actually demonstrated the highest level of state of the art that civilization or [1:56:02] that culture produced.
Or any culture.
Any culture.
And it hasn't been replicated since.
How is that possible?
How is it possible?
The whole thing is so impossible.
Like if you wanted to have the best evidence that we don't know shit, it's got it right there.
It's like how much do we know about what they knew if they could make that?
Yeah, people ask me, they say, well, why haven't you built a model?
And I was like, you don't understand the, you know, because I couldn't even afford one of the blocks that goes into the king's chamber but let them hold a thiled and up.
And also, how much time would it take you to build that?
Good Lord.
And not only that, it's like, you know, if you're going to, if you're going to replicate, I was asked that question when I was in Egypt in 2021.
And I was with, [1:57:03] Hamada Amwa and Dr.
Hayney Hullal, who was the, used to be the Minister of Science and Higher Education, both extremely, extremely good guys, and they are both on the Scamp Pyramid Mission Team.
So I had a meeting with them.
And I gave my book to Dr.
Kallow and a mother already had one.
He'd arranged them eating.
I gave my book to Annie L.L.
and I described it briefly.
And he asked me a question I never thought I would hear in Egypt and he says, well, could the great pyramid be restored and functioned as you envisioned that it did?
And I was like, I'd ponder that question before and I'd thought, I can't see that happening.
I mean, if you were going to replicate it or create another one, I would do another one, [1:58:16] because of the political climate.
Of course.
There is so much focus on the great perimeter.
And everybody who's focused on it is an expert and Most of them have YouTube channels.
So yeah So you have you have a hyper focus on that area.
I mean just Just the simple thing like okay, we're gonna recover the third pyramid We're gonna restore it.
We're gonna recover recover the third pyramid.
We're going to restore it.
We're going to recover it and blah, blah, blah.
People start fending it.
Yeah, I mean, it was a whole shit storm that came after that.
They finally killed the project because...
I saw.
Do you think that it's good they killed the project?
I mean, isn't it good to leave that stuff in the state in which we found it?
I think, you know, people with the best of intentions [1:59:09] and working with the information that they have can make mistakes.
And a lot of times, and I've made them myself, a lot of times it's because I am making decisions not having sufficient information.
Right?
So it's kind of like they were, it was the new, the new chief of the Supreme Council of Antiquities, the director of the chairman of the Supreme Council of Antiquities.
And so he had a gentleman who was going to help him restore the Third Pyramid.
And so he goes out and calls a press conference and tells everybody what they're going to do.
[2:00:04] and tells everybody what they're going to do.
And then there was a firestorm of criticism that came in.
Just flooded in.
And then finally, I think it was Zahiyahu, who pulled his influence to shut the project down.
And then, so they backed up on it.
But if he had touched all the bases, I mean, you just never know because relationships, in any culture, you don't understand them.
You don't know who knows who, related to who.
You know, you got all these all this activity.
But I think people rightly so were upset at the idea of covering that thing just like they covered up the pause of this thing.
Well, it wasn't very controversial, right?
Not necessarily covering it, but restoring it.
Restoring it.
[2:01:01] But you are covering it, right?
Because you're doing it.
Well, you're modern human tools.
You're doing it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, you're ruining what is left.
Because what in the state that it is, it represents the erosion and the earthquakes, the looting of the limestone.
This is what it is.
So this is, yeah.
But to cover it up with 2024's work seems gross.
Right, and that's what a lot of people think.
Cause it is not respecting history or, you know, Right.
So if they did that with the great pyramid and covered the whole thing.
Well, I mean, yeah, I mean that, that would certainly be more possible than building another one.
Yeah.
Right.
Well, you would certainly...
It's a lot easier.
You wouldn't have to quarry as much as I'm still.
Not even close.
So if they did that, let's just imagine a world where people say, hey, we're going to do this, but we could always reverse it.
Yeah.
We're not going to do any permanent damage to the pyramid, but it's possible to restore it to the exact state [2:02:06] and find out if this theory's correct.
Yeah, but how do you do that?
I mean, I don't think you would have to have a lot more research and evidence produced that's to its original state.
To convince people to invest so much money.
Right.
Because, I mean, this is a process.
Okay.
The gaze of power plant and gaze of the Tesla connection is a process.
Right.
And I'm pretty much at the end of that process.
So I put you put it out in the universe and then other people are picking it up like I'm adeadly you know that's perhaps it's going to be any of the kind of university but let's imagine let's imagine we enter into a world where people say you know what it's better if we know and there's only one way to know and it's possible to do so let's let's cover that thing the way it was done before.
Let's put a gold cap on it.
[2:03:06] Let's follow the plans as if this is a power plant.
Right, but first you have to qualify, verify all the systems, the subsystems and their function.
Right.
And it's complicated.
And would you qualify that?
Could it be more possible today to be AI?
You would need, well, whoever is in control of the AI who's driving.
Right, but let's look at best case scenario.
Let's pretend there's some objective scientists that are not ideologically driven at all and they're in control of this AI and they utilize it the exact way we would like it to be utilized.
What I would love is for some PhD student to take on as a dissertation project.
The acoustic modeling of the interior of the great pyramid.
[2:04:05] Get all the dimensions, scan everything, find out, all the dimensions, what they are, and then you start to simulate the behavior of the movements of sound within that space.
I mean, we have, you know, we're using human instruments to detect resonance and report on the vibrations and how they feel when they hear it.
And, you know, there's a lot of like magical experiences that are happening.
But the magic, I mean if you've ever read Othsy Clock is kind of like sufficiently advanced technology, is first seen as magic, right?
So if you have an alien race, [2:05:01] they have sufficiently advanced technology.
You was like at it as magic.
Right.
Our cell phones, sure.
If they appeared in an alcohol to your 100 years ago, magic.
Magic.
Yeah.
Yeah.
People wouldn't know what to do with them.
And if this culture had something that's not where we are, but 500 years more advanced than us, which is why they were able to create something like that.
Right, I mean, it looks like magic.
I talk about the recent disclosure by the ODI on the UAPs in here.
Really?
Yeah.
I think they're connected?
As an example, as an example of what is possible physically, because if you consider that, you know, those UAPs can descend from 80,000 feet to sea level in a few seconds, that the G forces that they would pull on a 90-degree turn would be like a thousand G's, would destroy any of our craft and the people inside.
[2:06:08] If it was even possible to make such a turn, which is not, we don't have anything to match it.
And then you see how they function, you see, what can we observe on how they are propelled.
You know, in F-16, they've got afterburners, and we see these afterburners kick on and fire belching out of the back.
Those UAPs, they just seem to have some kind of aura around them and they defeat gravity and move through space in a way that appears like magic.
But sufficiently advanced technology would be magical right almost less impressive than a cell phone Right because all of us flying around Cell phone is sending instantaneous video to the side of the world well that little UAP could be doing the same Yeah, so except to other planets, right?
We just don't see all the mothership which is [2:07:04] Or we don't see it it might, the mother ship, which is or language.
We don't see it.
It might be American.
It's all science fiction, right?
I really wonder how much of that stuff is ours.
How much of that stuff is Black ops projects?
I don't think they've been, you know, things have it.
You think it's from somewhere else?
I mean, I can't prove where it's from, but if it is from somewhere else, I'd like to follow it home.
You and me both.
I'd like to see the, I'd like to observe the civilization and the culture that we're created.
Go in the manufacturing plant, say how are you making this?
And you know, say, okay, well, you're getting your power from, I don't see any, you know, train cars, carrying tons of coal and belching chimneys out in the distance, right?
Well, if there's a time machine, if there was ever a time machine, I've always said, if I could go back to one place, I would be, I'd go back to Africa when they were doing that.
[2:08:01] I go to Egypt, I'd just see what they, what were you doing?
What were you doing?
What were you doing?
How were you guys doing this?
What the hell's going on over here?
And where did it all go?
I mean, I know the burning of the library of Alexandria, they lost so much.
We have no idea what was in there and what knowledge they had preserved.
So now it's all lost.
And if you're correct and if they really did have some sort of A machine that makes electricity that to this day when we're let me you want renewable electricity There you go kids right it's right there and somehow another someone did it 4,500 years ago How how what did you what did you guys do and how are you so much more advanced than all the other humans on earth?
I'm so much more I'm digging through an article right now of some audio engineers that got access to the great pyramid Like they took in a bunch of high-powered speakers and whatnot.
Very first thing this guy recognized here he says He noticed that there's a very specific precise frequency when the wind blows across some of the air shafts and it's a F sharp.
[2:09:06] Yeah, and that appears in the, I think Tom Danley, who was a NASA engineer and he was on the A team and did acoustic testing inside the great pyramid.
He measured the frequencies in the King's Chamber and reported that even with all his equipment turned off, the King's Chamber was still vibrating.
And he actually...
Go back, Chamber.
Look at this right here.
It says ancient Egyptian texts indicate that this F-sharp was the resident harmonic center of planet Earth.
Yes, that's the connection.
That's the seismic connection.
The F-sharp is also coincidentally, it says in question marks, the tuning reference for the sacred flutes of many North American shamans.
[2:10:01] Yeah, the hope is, yeah.
So the yeah so the shop is very important.
It's also it's also found in human DNA believe you know and there was a Dr.
David Deemer who actually mapped the frequencies of DNA.
As an engineer I will note 16 Hertz is just below the human threshold of hearing.
the best you can hear is 20 interesting So that can dogs hear that Carl hear that they're known for hearing higher.
I suppose they could probably hear Lord What is this dad?
Well, I In the like around 2003 I was contacted by a very talented Physicist his name is Dustin Kerr.
You could Google Dustin Kerr, if you like.
He got his PhD at Cornell University and his thesis dissertation was was actually creating a nano guitar.
Well, yeah, the nano guitar, the strings are just about [2:11:12] a hundred atoms wide.
Well, and you have to have a electron microscope to be able to see it.
And so, anyway, he contacted me and I'm really impressed with this guy.
How would you strum that guitar with a laser light?
Wow.
Wow.
It's two microns.
Oh my God.
That scale is two microns.
Wow.
That's bananas.
And so you used a laser to play this guitar.
You would need, yeah, I mean, just a very, very subtle laser, which, you know, is like micro heat expand, expand the strings and you would get, they would vibrate.
But you [2:12:00] couldn't hear it, of course.
Right.
Of course.
So away.
Right.
But it exists.
So the frequency that's in the great chamber is below the threshold for humans to hear.
Yeah.
It's current and prasonic.
Yeah.
But if this machine was running, it would probably be a different frequency, right?
All those frequencies would be playing a, plus more, I would say.
The, you know, and besides his nano guitar when we were communicating, Dr.
Carr did a model to finite element analysis of the great pyramid.
And guess what?
16 hertz showed up in that.
Wow.
Fascinating.
The whole thing is just so crazy.
It blows your mind, you know.
It really does.
There's so many questions and so many places to take it to.
[2:13:01] It's, yeah.
The real question is like, how did they do it?
Where did they learn all this stuff from?
And did they implement this somewhere else?
Is this the only power plant they ever created?
The other pyramids, do they have similar function?
I think the fundamentally, perhaps they, you know, the science of tapping into a harvesting electrons through stimulating movement in the lithosphere was probably known.
And that knowledge was advanced and developed.
Right.
But if you have what this design, what you believe the great pyramid, how it was used as a power plant, what do you think is going on with the other two pyramids that are near it?
Same thing except they have different interior designs.
They're all part of the system.
So oh, so it's all connected.
[2:14:00] All three of them are connected somehow.
Yeah.
And have you observed similar situations in those smaller pyramids where it seems like they would be utilized in a similar fashion?
Is there shafts and chambers?
I just think, you know, if you are considering it as a project.
Okay, so you design a project, you propose a project, you gather the resources to complete the project, you describe it you're investors.
I mean, ultimately it's about follow the money.
How much is it gonna cost and what's the return on investment?
And so you have, okay, I wanna build a great pyramid and we're gonna have all this, you know, we're gonna have all this energy.
And I've built another few pyramids around it [2:15:03] and they'll just be tourist attractions.
No.
No.
No.
I mean, if you've got the whole plateau and the lithosphere beneath it, I mean, Freud said that the lithosphere is actually a giant battery.
It can turn into a giant battery if it is stimulated.
Right?
Right.
And so if you got that condition, you got all that potential energy under your feet, all you've got to do is shake it a little bit, you know, and just go, hey, send me a few more electrons.
And you build a system on the surface.
Perhaps you survey the area just like, you know, NASA satellites surveyed the area for freedom of frying.
And you build a, a pulse generator deep under the geese of plateau.
[2:16:04] And you start that system up and you survey the area a pulse generator deep under the geese plateau.
And you start that system up and you survey the area and you look for the hot spots, right?
For where the maximum number of electrons are coming through from the lithus for you.
And then you say, okay, we'll build a pyramid there, build one there, we'll build one there, those are your hot spots.
You know you got a hot spot in Texas right?
Oh really?
Yeah, Marfa, Marfa Texas.
What is it?
It's a town I think you should know.
I know Marfa but how's it a hot spot?
They're a Marfa lights, have you heard of those?
No.
Yeah.
Pull up the Marfa lights.
Is that a ball light name?
No, yeah, pull up the Marfa lights.
Is that a ball lightning?
No, it's kind of like a light show.
Really?
Yeah Yeah, it's very famous and it's from the 11th Elst of Well, I know Marfa.
I have a friend who has a house in Marfa.
Really?
Yeah, he loves it there It's like a kind of an artist community, right?
Hmm [2:17:02] Probably the energies right mm-hmm like Sedona, right?
Yeah, all the energies right?
Mm-hmm.
Like Sedona right?
Yeah, it's all the weirdos.
Love it.
Yeah, I'm one of those weirdos.
I kind of want to lift that.
Oh, it's gorgeous place.
Sedona's gorgeous.
gorgeous.
Um, so what is this?
So there's this interview I think I'm imagining what they're trying to say here without listening to everything.
What is so these lights?
What's going on with these lights?
What what is this?
The Marfa lights interview on the Marfa lights.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
I don't know exactly So when you see those things flying around the sky, what are they?
Is that like ball lightly?
Yeah, I mean it's like drones going from the earth and ionizing the air It says according to Judith Yeah.
It says according to Judith Bruesque, the Marfa Lights of West Texas have been called many names over the years, such as Ghost Lights, Weird Lights, Strange Lights, Car Lights, Mystery Lights, or Keonti Lights.
My favorite place from which to view the lights is a widened shoulder on Highway 90, about nine miles east of Marfa.
The lights are almost are most often reported at distant spots of brightness, distinguishable from branch lights and automotive headlights on 67.
[2:18:08] So primarily distinguished by their aberrant movements.
So these things just sort of fly around.
The first historical record of the Marfa lights was 1883 when the young cowhand, Robert Reed Ellison saw a flickering light while he was driving cattle through the Pisano pass and wondered if it was a campfire of the Apache other settlers told him they often saw the lights but when they investigated they found no ashes or evidence of a campsite.
So what is happening again with these lights?
How's it?
It's electrons going to the earth.
If you consider primes theory from the primes effect, it's the release of positive charge carriers from the lithosphere shooting up to the surface and ionizing the air.
Okay and so creates a light that way.
a lot of people have speculated that it could be like [2:19:08] peace or electric activity and Cautz bearing rock but But it would probably doesn't support that idea.
I don't think but it would sort of support this theory that if you could find places where that is happening Naturally, yeah like Marfa and you established the pyramid there places where that is happening naturally, like Marfa.
And you established the pyramid there.
You had one other thing that you just said to me when we took a break that there was some evidence that you knew about this Dibble Hancock debate that it comes to light.
Oh, yeah, that was interesting.
A fellow researcher, Manu Safeday, he wrote the book under this thing.
He had posted on Facebook a paper that had been published.
[2:20:00] I mean, I think the discussion was the existence of industrial activity during the ice age.
Right.
And so, you know, I talked to him and he sent me several papers where other studies have been done, and the show, the same kind of markers that you see in that period of time in the paper that he presented on the podcast.
Mm-hmm.
So, you know, everybody should have a chance to fix their mistakes, right?
But they are, could you pull them up, Jamie, and we could just go through them.
And then they will be on record.
Okay, so what is wrong?
[2:21:00] So what you're saying is that what he was saying is that the evidence of industrialization only occurs after a specific time in the course samples.
Right.
That they they weren't there's no evidence of them in the I say.
And is this led?
What is it in?
Right.
Right.
So I mean, I this is out of my wheelhouse.
Right.
I I'm not an expert.
But this gentleman posted this in response.
I'm just saying that if there is another body of other papers that have been conducted, where research has been conducted, that go further back into the past, in the period of time that dibbles paper deals with, then they should be introduced into the record order.
And how far in the past have these go?
150,000 years.
And how far in the past have the ones that dibbles introduced go?
I think it's about between 1,000 BC and 1,000 ADs.
It is just like a narrow window.
[2:22:09] Okay, so did you find it, Jamie?
Well, I don't have Clint's stuff because that was on his computer.
Well, his paper, the paper that he referenced is in there.
The one that you brought?
Yeah, well I have what you brought.
You have this?
That's not the one that you brought.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, I have then what I have what you brought.
This is what you have I said.
That's not the one that he presented.
I don't know which one that would be.
It was there a 2000.
I think it was a 2018 page.
Yeah.
Any five just I Atmospheric lead and an order, guys, during the last climactic cycle.
Yeah.
Is that it?
No, that's one of them.
I don't think it's the one that Dibble presented.
But what are the one, the one that you're presenting?
The one that you...
The one that Manu sent me.
Let's see what she's that one.
[2:23:02] See, that one, I think it goes back 149,000 years.
So, yeah, just in the, just in the, oh, this is the one.
Yeah, this is the one, I think, that what date is on that?
I don't know.
2018, maybe.
20, yeah, I think it's 2018.
Okay.
Right.
So, it said the title of this is for anybody wants to find it, is lead pollution recorded in Greenland ice indicates European emissions track plagues wars and imperial expansion during antiquity right okay okay so if you look up the other papers they treat a different period of time and when you go back to the ice age, you do find the same kind of evidence.
Is that what this paper's showing?
This is, which one is this the same?
This is the one we're just looking at.
Oh, no.
This is that short time period.
1100 BC to 800.
[2:24:02] This is the one that Dibble presented then.
Yeah.
Okay.
So what's the one that you're presented?
I'm not presenting.
Oh, but it was the one that you're The ones that I that was sent to me Where are those there on there in the folder Jamie?
Okay, and what is that one called?
Okay, go down to the next one Really, but this one right for it says highlighted and it says like the high-lesson area?
Yeah, I mean, I think they're all kind of similar.
Well, you said me five things.
The first two are the same.
It's just this is highlighted.
Oh, I see.
OK.
OK.
Let's go that and make a little bigger.
I sent them to you.
They're on there as they were sent to me.
So it says very low during the hallucinera, probably during the last intergalatial and part of the last ICH.
There were very high during the last glacial maximum and at the end of the penultimate, I love that word penultimate.
I love that word don't you?
[2:25:00] It's great word.
So the concentrations were high of lead during the ICH at work.
Yeah.
So the concentrations were high of lead during the ice age it's saying.
Yeah.
So this does counter what he was saying.
Seves to.
Okay.
But I'm not the expert.
I'd read I.
I understand where you're saying it.
But this goes far back past when he was talking about.
So the possibility could be that what Graham was saying might actually have some weight to it, that there was a highly advanced civilization before the ice age, and that it went away.
And then when you see lead in the future, you're just seeing sort of a re-understanding of this process.
That's one way to put it.
It doesn't have to be a really highly advanced civilization like ours.
It just means that there is industrial activity, whatever that shape of form that takes.
Well, the real fascinating thing is if the Egyptians [2:26:00] had figured out how to generate power without any damage to the environment, which is really wild.
We haven't yet.
No, but if they figured that out with that great pyramid, that process is how they generated electricity.
I mean, that's about as green as you're ever gonna get.
I mean, pretty amazing.
Yeah.
There's a little factoid for you.
But, do you know in 2021 they quarried enough coal by weight to build a pyramid, 76 times bigger than the great pyramid.
Wow.
So we know how to extract rock.
Yeah.
Right?
They're collectively at least.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Especially in China, right?
Oh yeah.
Which is hilarious.
Very efficient now.
Not just that.
They're really good at making coal plants.
They're making hundreds of new ones opening up.
Yeah.
While we're over here freaking out.
[2:27:00] Anything else before we get out of here?
Jamie, you said that there was a couple other slides you thought were really interesting?
Uh, I mean, we kind of ended up getting to them.
I was kind of really curious what that fan was all about, but he described it like.
Yeah.
I had them as someone.
There was one other thing I would like to address if you don't want to.
Please.
Okay.
So the other thing that Dr.
Dibble mentioned was when you raised the question about the cord drilling.
Right.
Right.
And Dr.
Dibble said that, well, that's bendy-bunked.
I'm just paraphrasing now.
That's bendy-bunked.
And he referenced two sources.
He referenced scientists against math and world of antiquity.
Okay.
So, scientists, this is where, you know, if you don't give it enough information, [2:28:02] people will fill in the gaps.
You know, you leave a vacuum.
And Janay is a very well-known, gaps.
You leave a vacuum.
Engineers are very well known for leaving all kinds of vacuums.
They don't explain everything completely because they assume everybody knows it because they know it.
And so it's the simplest thing.
And basically, scientists against Smith, they sent me their paper on the methods that they used, which contradicted my methods.
What they did is they got these photographs, two-dimensional photographs of the of the Petricore.
And and they rejected the method that I used, which was just a simple string or cotton thread with magnification and with the artifact in my hand.
So you've got best evidence in your hand and against evidence second hand with take them with [2:29:08] folicus.
So what's wrong what is the problem with that?
And when I saw what method they use I didn't take it seriously perhaps I should and then we won't be here talking about it but I didn't take it seriously and it's like it kind of failed on its face just after the first two pages.
Plus it was very insulting and mocking, right?
Not very professional.
But basically what they did is they took a 2D photograph of a 3D cone.
Okay, I want to show you two things.
This is a flat blank and this is a cone.
Okay?
So aerospace manufacturing engineers know all about how cones are made and they know how to measure them [2:30:03] and they know how to transmit geometric data to the customer.
All right?
Our customers would never accept a 2D photograph of a 3D object as evidence of geometric accuracy or precision.
I mean, a 3D camera with, you know, like a scanner or something like that, but just a simple...
Two dimensions.
Two dimensions.
You want to...
Right.
Two limited.
Two limited.
But what happens to the evidence when you take a 2D photograph?
I'll show you.
You have a corruption of the evidence right away.
What happens with a 2D photograph taking a 3D object?
You can go through these series of cones that are made.
[2:31:06] This is a cone that has horizontal lines around it, right?
And you can see that there are horizontal lines.
So you can assume, okay, I took a 2D photograph of this.
Okay?
I took a 2D photograph of that.
And then I brought it into my computer, but there are some things that happen to the arc length.
The arc length on the original, if you take a 2D photograph, you are using the cord length as they are.
You got all that on camera, Jimmy?
Is it on both cameras?
Another one, pick it up?
Oh, okay.
But there's another problem with it, and it's not just geomatery.
Well, it is, ultimately, it's more involved with how the eye works and how a camera functions [2:32:08] and that's the lens.
And basically what you're doing is you're capturing an image and what have a cone and if you focus your camera here, right?
The lines here, the curve that way, the lines down here, curve this way.
OK.
So you take those and you lay them out flat, you've got corrupted evidence.
You project those images onto a cone in the computer and this is what happens.
You've got a bunch of wavy lines.
Can you get that?
Which indicates that it's a spiral.
No, it doesn't.
This is not to prove that it's a spiral.
[2:33:07] This is to prove that the evidence that they have produced is not the best evidence.
Right, because it's only too dimensional.
Because they're right.
To really get the, to refute your evidence, they should look at the thing and measure it right accurately, scan it.
But it also, the state of mind of the investigators who are working on this.
And that is they are driving to a conclusion that is directly opposite to mine.
So they're not acting in good faith.
With you, read a scientific paper or if you are working on a scientific project, if you're in school or if you're anywhere, and so you prepare your report, you publish your report, you describe the methods that you use and the tools that you use, how [2:34:10] you did it, and then you publish your results.
I did that.
And then somebody comes along behind you and they say, well, I want to see that for myself.
That's what you call falsification process where science has any theory, it has to be falsifiable.
So if they can find anything wrong with what you did, then they have to follow the same steps you did to to the latter right But they didn't do that they didn't do that clearly They and also they didn't have access to the actual physical object It's it doesn't indicate that they did there was a way you could really test they were just drawing down photographs from the internet So they were just trying to debunk it exactly and they're doing and what they're doing is silly but [2:35:04] Then you have a college professor who scoops up all that research and they become sighted sources in their work.
Well, he probably was just respecting their work and thinking that your work is one of those alternative guys that's not a part of the system, not a part of the academic system.
Yeah.
And so he just, and he obviously, not a part of the system, not a part of the academic system.
Yeah.
And so he just, and obviously he works with seeds and things like those lines.
And that's his area of archeology.
So he trusts the other.
Yeah, yeah, you know, I'm not saying that, I'm not saying that, but what he said is his own, you just saying that the sources of advice.
I'm just saying that, I mean, he was certainly well-schooled and had the answers to some of these mysteries, right?
And he had been given information and pretty much he [2:36:02] reeled it out when the question was raised.
Yeah, the other thing that I thought of after the fact, and we are actually kind of covered it, but I never connected the dots, was that one of the things that we were talking about, when we were talking about Gobackley Tepay, Gobackley Tepay was created by these people that didn't need agriculture because the place they lived was so bountiful.
But what if they just didn't...
What if agriculture to them wasn't plants?
What if agriculture was animal agriculture and they fed their animals with wild plants?
If the wild plants were in such abundance that they could just go out and chop down the wild plants and use them to feed their animals, that's still agriculture, but it's not plant agriculture.
Yeah, I don't.
So that's the difference.
I forgot that while it was happening, and then after I was like, ah, why didn't I connect those dots?
Because go back to the tape, no one is disputing the time period of it.
It's 11,000 years ago, right?
[2:37:00] That's when it was covered intentionally, 11,000 years ago.
So no one's disputing that, but that puts it into the term of pre-agriculture.
And so what he was saying was that maybe where they lived was so bountiful with food that they didn't need agriculture at the time.
Right.
Possible.
But also, are we only thinking of agriculture as plant agriculture?
And do we have to grow plants in an agricultural setting to feed animals?
Well, doesn't that entirely depend on how we're raising these animals?
Because if these animals are free-ranging and you have an enormous area, then no.
All right.
Then you could harvest them out free ranging you could have Agriculture in terms of animals and you could have these animals that you're farming You're just farming them with wild plants and if you could do that for go back to Tepay Which is what they're saying it at least they're saying that [2:38:01] Either they just hunted all the animals that were around there There were so many animals around them.
they could hunt them very easily to feed everybody so they'd have enough resources to build this thing.
Or maybe they had some kind of agriculture in terms of animal agriculture, but just hadn't planted things.
Yeah.
Or hadn't had the need to plant things if they're living in such abundance.
Yeah, I don't know.
I don't know.
It's a good question though.
It is a good question.
Yeah.
All of it is good questions.
All of it is good questions.
Yeah.
Shoulders and coming forward and asking, raising their hands and saying, oh, wait a minute, what about this?
What about this?
And that's what you've done.
And listen, I think you've done an amazing job of it.
And the way you explained it today, I really appreciate it.
It's great for a person like myself to be able to ask a person like you questions and get to the heart of how this whole thing would work and I think you laid it out amazingly.
It's such a fascinating subject and so many mysteries and so many questions and I just [2:39:01] want to thank you for putting in so much time and having so much energy of your life dedicated to trying to figure this thing out.
Yeah, all right.
Can I go take a nap now?
Yes, you can go take a nap.
You did great.
Tell everybody about your books though.
So, I'll get them.
So anyway, yeah, the first one was...
The Giza Power Plant.
Okay.
Technology is a venture in Egypt.
And then the newest one.
What does it say on that one?
Giza, the Tesla Connection.
Can they see it from there?
Yeah, okay, cool.
Giza is a Tesla Connection.
All right.
And those are available now.
A acoustical science and how this thing of clean energy.
All right.
Well, thank you, sir.
I really appreciate you coming here.
I really enjoyed it and it's you're doing a great service.
You should give those to Elon Musk.
Why, he needs them?
Well, if he's going to build electric cars, he's going to need electricity for it.
All right, I'll let him know.
I'll let him know.
All right, thank you.